Zest Airways , Inc. operated as AirAsia Zest ( formerly Asian Spirit and Zest Air ) , was a low - cost airline based at the Ninoy Aquino International Airport in Pasay City , Metro Manila in the Philippines . It operated scheduled domestic and international tourist services , mainly feeder services linking Manila and Cebu with 24 domestic destinations in support of the trunk route operations of other airlines . In 2013 , the airline became an affiliate of Philippines AirAsia operating their brand separately . Its main base was Ninoy Aquino International Airport , Manila . The airline was founded as Asian Spirit , the first airline in the Philippines to be run as a cooperative . On August 16 , 2013 , the Civil Aviation Authority of the Philippines ( CAAP ) , the regulating body of the Government of the Republic of the Philippines for civil aviation , suspended Zest Air flights until further notice because of safety issues . Less than a year after AirAsia and Zest Air 's strategic alliance , the airline has been rebranded as AirAsia Zest . The airline was merged into AirAsia Philippines in January 2016 .

The short - beaked common dolphin ( Delphinus delphis ) is a species of common dolphin . It has a larger range than the long - beaked common dolphin ( D. capensis ) , occurring throughout warm - temperate and tropical oceans , including the Indian Ocean although in smaller quantities than other places they are found . There are more short - beaked common dolphins than any other dolphin species in the warm - temperate portions of the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans . It is also found in the Caribbean and Mediterranean Seas . The short - beaked common dolphin is also abundant in the Black Sea , Gulf of Mexico , and Red Sea . They follow the gulf stream up to Norwegian waters . Seldom do any short - beaked dolphin venture near the Arctic .

Niklas Bergqvist ( born 6 October 1962 in Stockholm ) , is a Swedish songwriter , producer and musician . His career started in 1984 , as a founding member of the Synthpop band Shanghai , which he started along his school friends . The band released two albums and numerous singles , with their debut single " Ballerina " , produced by former Europe guitarist Kee Marcello . Following the success of the single , the album also gained positive attention , resulting in the band touring around Sweden . The second , and final , studio album was produced by Swedish pop star Harpo . After the band split - up in 1987 , Bergqvist formed and played in several other bands until he decided to focus more on songwriting , resulting in several releases ever since . In 2015 , he founded the independent record label Tracks of Sweden with songwriting partner Simon Johansson .

Pacific Fair is a major shopping centre in Broadbeach Waters on the Gold Coast , Queensland , Australia . It was Queensland 's largest regional shopping centre until 2006 . Pacific Fair was developed by Hooker Retail Developments and opened in 1977 on what was swampland with 96 specialty stores and two anchor tenants . Since then , Pacific Fair has undergone numerous expansions and has grown to have more than 300 specialty stores and four anchor tenants . In January 2014 , work began on a major redevelopment project to meet the predicted regional growth on the Gold Coast . Prior to the redevelopment , the shopping centre had four main major stores including a four - level Myer , Kmart , Target , Coles and Toys ' R ' Us . Daimaru operated in the centre before its Australian withdrawal , albeit briefly . It also had a 12-screen Birch Carroll and Coyle Cinema ( re - opened as Event Cinemas in late 2015 ) . Pacific Fair is a major public transport interchange on the Gold Coast , serviced by Surfside Buslines , and the Broadbeach South station located not far from the shopping centre . Nearby is The Star Gold Coast and Gold Coast Convention & Exhibition Centre . Pacific Fair fronts Little Tallebudgera Creek and is the southern end of the Surfers Riverwalk . This shopping centre was featured on the third season of The Mole .

The Ministry of Home Security was a British government department established in 1939 to direct national civil defence ( primarily tasked with organising air raid precautions ) during the Second World War . The Ministry for Home Security was headed by Sir John Anderson the Home Secretary and Minister of Home Security . The Ministry 's responsibilities covered all central and regional civil defence organisations ( such as air raid wardens , rescue squads , fire services , and the Women ’s Voluntary Service ) . It was also responsible for giving approval to local ARP schemes , and providing public shelters . The Ministry ( run under the auspices of the Home Office ) produced hundreds of leaflets that were delivered to the population advising on how to deal with the impending air raids . It also managed propaganda poster campaigns to encourage , amongst other things , the carrying of gas masks and for volunteers to join civil defence groups like the Fire Guards . In October 1940 , Sir John Anderson was replaced by Herbert Morrison in a reshuffle precipitated by Neville Chamberlain 's resignation due to ill - health . With the Allied victory in Europe the Ministry was disbanded in May 1945 .

The Lakes is a locality in Western Australia within the Shire of Mundaring . It is located east of the capital city of Perth at the junction of the Great Eastern Highway and the Great Southern Highway , and is the easternmost suburb within the Metropolitan Region Scheme . At the , The Lakes had a population of 45 . The main features of the community include a roadhouse and service station at the junction between the highways . It borders on the western ward of the Shire of Northam and the community of Woottating . It is also the locality in which Buckeridge Group of Companies ( BGC ) have quarrying operations . BGC trucks carting material from the quarry use as their main route the Great Eastern Highway to various locations in the Perth metropolitan area , including the brick manufacturing location close to Perth Airport . From the junction it is possible to travel to Northam on the northern fork , or York on the southern fork .

Alton is a city on the Mississippi River in Madison County , Illinois , United States , about north of St. Louis , Missouri . The population was 27,865 at the 2010 census . It is a part of the Metro - East region of the Greater St. Louis metropolitan area . It is famous for its limestone bluffs along the river north of the city , for its role preceding and during the American Civil War , and as the home town of jazz musician Miles Davis and Robert Wadlow , the tallest known person in history . It was the site of the last Abraham Lincoln and Stephen Douglas debate in October 1858 . The former state penitentiary in Alton was used during the Civil War to hold up to 12,000 Confederate prisoners of war .

Us and Them is the fifth studio album by English band Godflesh . It was released through Earache Records on 17 May 1999 in Europe and on 8 June 1999 in North America . As with Godflesh 's 1997 remix album Love and Hate in Dub , Us and Them is influenced by breakbeats , drum and bass , oldschool jungle , trip hop and hip hop . Shortly after Us and Them 's release , Godflesh frontman Justin Broadrick admitted that he " hated " the album as it was the expression of an " identity crisis " . Years later , he revised his thoughts , saying that his hatred of Us and Them was " overstated " , and that his main issue in the album lies in its more " cringe - worthy moments . "

Nicola Lake is a glacially formed narrow , deep lake located in the South - Central Interior of British Columbia , Canada approximately thirty kilometres northeast of the city of Merritt . It was a centrepoint of the first settlements in the grasslands lying south of Kamloops , and today is used for recreation and as a water storage site to provide irrigation and water flows to fisheries downstream in the Nicola River . The lake is important in the history of the local Nicola people as the location of one of their major communities , Nicola Lake Indian Reserve No . 1 , which lies on its eastern shore and is the home of the Upper Nicola Indian Band . Many of the band work for the Douglas Lake Cattle Company , aka the Douglas Lake Ranch , whose headquarters are also adjacent to the lake .

Jonas Geirnaert ( born July 28 , 1982 ) studied animation at the KASK in Ghent . In May 2004 he won the Short Film Jury Prize at the Cannes Film Festival with his animated short Flatlife ( 11 min ) . Of the copy he sent in for selection only the first minute had sound . This is because this was his graduation project , and it was n't completely finished at the final date for selection entries . Although Flatlife has no political message , Jonas ' previous movie , The All - American Alphabet , clearly has one . On stage in Cannes , Jonas had a message for all Americans : " Do n't vote Bush " . At that moment such statements were very popular , however his political preference has to be situated in the extreme - left corner as he is a militant for the marxist party Workers Party of Belgium . In the fall of 2005 Geirnaert made the TV comedy series Neveneffecten for Canvas ( public Flemish television ) with his fellow comedians Lieven Scheire , Koen De Poorter and Jelle De Beule . In 2011 this same group of four made the television show BASTA which also offered satirical critique on current cultural phenomenon , like help desks , uncritical journalism , television call games , the production of meat and internet scammers . Through their actions some of the more fraudulent abuses have been put to a stop , e.g. the de facto illegal television calling games have been banned from television in Flanders .

The Second River , or Watsessing River , in the state of New Jersey in the United States , is the second main tributary of the Passaic River encountered while travelling upstream from its mouth at Newark Bay . From its source in West Orange to the Passaic , it is approximately 5   mi ( 8   km ) long . From West Orange , the Second River passes generally easterly through the towns of Orange and East Orange , where it is joined by Wigwam , Parrow , and Nishuane Brooks , then turns slightly to the north ( though still generally easterly ) , and enters the town of Bloomfield . Here , at Watsessing Park , it is joined by Toney 's Brook . After leaving Bloomfield , it enters the town of Belleville ( which was , early in its history , also named " Second River " ) , and turns slightly to the south ( though still generally easterly ) . Soon into Belleville , it forms the border between Belleville and Newark . Finally , it joins the Passaic River , on its way to Newark Bay . In the 19th and early 20th centuries , the Second River supported a sizable industrial complex of mills and factories . The Reformed Dutch Church of Second River is named after this river .

Monson is a town in Piscataquis County , Maine , United States . The population was 686 at the 2010 census . The town is located on Route 15 which is a somewhat major route north to the well known Moosehead Lake Region , to which Monson is sometimes considered a gateway . This route eventually leads to the Canadian Province of Quebec . The town is well known in local and state history , but is minimally known elsewhere , although contributions by the town , and its location are notable . It is the last town located on the Appalachian Trail at the beginning ( or end ) of the 100-Mile Wilderness . It is not uncommon to see many hikers in town resting before ( or after ) their trip into the Wilderness , and several lodging places in town cater directly to these hikers .

Thomas Wolff ( July 14 , 1954 , New York City – July 31 , 2000 , Kern County ) was a noted mathematician , working primarily in the fields of harmonic analysis , complex analysis , and partial differential equations . As an undergraduate at Harvard University he regularly played poker with his classmate Bill Gates . While a graduate student at the University of California , Berkeley from 1976 to 1979 , under the direction of Donald Sarason , he obtained a new proof of the corona theorem , a famously difficult theorem in complex analysis . He was made Professor of Mathematics at Caltech in 1986 , and was there from 1988 – 1992 and from 1995 to his death in a car accident in 2000 . He also held positions at the University of Washington , University of Chicago , New York University , and University of California , Berkeley . He received the Salem Prize in 1985 and the Bôcher Memorial Prize in 1999 , for his contributions to analysis and particularly to the Kakeya conjecture .

Samuel Herbert Cohen ( 26 October 1918 – 7 October 1969 ) was an Australian politician , and was the first Jew to be elected to the Australian Senate . He was born in Sydney , he was educated at Wesley College , Melbourne and then the University of Melbourne . He was active in left - wing student politics , and as President of the Melbourne University Students ' Representative Council was a founding member of the executive committee of the National Union of Australian University Students . He served in the military from 1942 to 1943 and became a barrister in 1946 . In 1961 , he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for Victoria . He held the seat until his death in 1969 ; Bill Brown was appointed to replace him .

Basil Ivanhoe Gooden is an American politician who served as the 3rd Virginia Secretary of Agriculture and Forestry under Governor Terry McAuliffe . He became the first African - American to serve in this position and during his tenure from September 2016 until January 2018 , he was the only black Secretary of Agriculture in any state in the United States . In his capacity as Secretary , he worked to support Governor McAuliffe ’s mission of building a new Virginia economy in agriculture and forestry , two of Virginia ’s largest private industries with an annual economic impact of $ 91 billion on the Commonwealth . Prior to serving as Secretary , Gooden was appointed by then President Barack Obama to serve as the state director for USDA – Rural Development in Virginia . In that position , he served as the chief executive officer of this federal agency that allocated approximately $ 1.25 billion annually to improve the economy and quality of life in rural Virginians . Gooden served for twelve years as the Chief Deputy Director of the Virginia Department of Housing and Community Development ( DHCD ) in the administrations of four Virginia governors . He was initially appointed to this position by Governor Mark R. Warner and subsequently re - appointed and served in the administrations of Governors Timothy M. Kaine ( D ) , Robert F. McDonnell ( R ) , and Terry McAuliffe ( D ) .

Andrew Kiss is a Canadian artist , who focuses primarily on landscape art , particularly oil painting . Born in Hungary in 1946 , he and his family emigrated to Canada in 1957 . After arriving on the East Coast of Canada , they moved to the Vancouver Island , Cowichan Lake area in British Columbia . Kiss spent his early adulthood employed as a draftsman . After being transferred to the town of Mackenzie , British Columbia in 1974 , he began to spend more time on his art . Kiss has exhibited in Hong Kong , Switzerland , England , Austria , New Zealand and Germany . In North America he has exhibited in Florida , South Carolina , Las Vegas , Montana , Phoenix , Seattle , and in Canada . He currently lives in Calgary , Alberta , Canada .

Nabacalis is a community on the East Coast of Demerara , in the Demerara - Mahaica region . It is in low - lying country by the coast , which is subject to flooding in the rainy season . The community is served by the Dr. CC Nicholson Hospital , but as of 2012 it was not staffed with doctors around the clock . The hospital was established as a medical center in 1994 with funds from the London - based Cyril Charles Nicholson Foundation , and the government began to upgrade it in 2003 to give residents of Nabaclis and nearby communities an alternative to going into Georgetown for treatment . The artist Emerson Samuels was born and brought up here , studying at the Golden Grove Methodist School . Also born here was conductor Rudolph Dunbar .

The One and Only is the third studio album by Memphis rapper , Lil Wyte . It was released on June 5 , 2007 . " Talkin ' Ai nt Walkin ' " is the first single from the album . The entire album was produced by DJ Paul and Juicy J. The album debuted at # 46 on the Billboard 200 & sold 15,600 copies the first week , it has sold over 120,000 copies in the U.S. to date . The album got positive reviews and is Lil Wyte 's best charting album to date not counting the album which he made with Three 6 Mafia . Rhapsody ( online music service ) praised the album , including it in its list of " The 10 Best Albums By White Rappers " .

The High Commissioner from New Zealand to Fiji is New Zealand 's foremost diplomatic representative in the Republic of the Fiji Islands , and in charge of New Zealand 's diplomatic mission in Fiji . The High Commission is located in Suva , Fiji 's capital city . New Zealand first maintained a resident Head of Mission in Fiji since 1970 . The Ambassador to Fiji is concurrently accredited to Nauru and Tuvalu . As fellow members of the Commonwealth of Nations , diplomatic relations between New Zealand and Fiji are at governmental level , rather than between Heads of State . Thus , the countries exchange High Commissioners , rather than ambassadors . Between 1987 and 1997 , this was not the case ; after the Coups of 1987 , Fiji was expelled from the Commonwealth , but rejoined after the promulgation of a new constitution in 1997 . Hence , from 1987 until 1997 , New Zealand was represented in Fiji by an ambassador .

Olen ( ) was a legendary early poet from Lycia who went to Delos , where his hymns celebrating the first handmaidens of Apollo in the island of the god 's birth and other " ancient hymns " were still part of the cult at Delos in the time of Herodotus : The hieratic poetry of Olen is now entirely lost . Pausanias wrote , " The Lycian Olen , an earlier poet , who composed for the Delians , among other hymns , one to Eileithyia , styles her ' the clever spinner ' , clearly identifying her with fate , and makes her older than Cronos . " ( Description of Greece 8.21.3 ) . Apparently Olen 's hymn reflected the pre - Hellenic role of Eileithyia , whom Olympian mythographers like Hesiod recast as a daughter of Zeus and Hera . The Delphian Pythia Boeo attributed to him the introduction of the cult of Apollo and the invention of the epic meter . Many hymns , nomes ( simple songs to accompany the circular dance of the chorus ) , and oracles , attributed to Olen , were preserved in Delos , revered as Apollo 's birthplace . " The legend which was especially attributed to him was that of Apollo 's sojourn among the Hyperboreans . "

During her youth , Michelle lived with her grandparents in Northwestern France before enrolling into an international school in Kobe , Japan . Ferre later enrolled in Sophia University in Tokyo , majoring in International Relations and Political Science . Her ability to speak both English and Japanese led her to pursue a career in journalism . She lived in Tokyo throughout her schooling and professional career . Michelle Ferre 's first acting experience was opposite Jackie Chan in the 1998 Hong Kong martial arts film Who Am I ? . Jackie Chan became intrigued by Ferre 's personality while being interviewed on the set of Who Am I ? . Chan invited Ferre to audition for the film and she received the co - starring role of Christine Stark . Ferre 's next acting role was in the 2006 Japanese drama So - Run Movie . She also appeared on the stage in Ryô Iwamatsu 's Akugi .

Colossal Cave Adventure ( also known as ADVENT , Colossal Cave , or Adventure ) is a text adventure game , developed originally in 1976 , by Will Crowther for the PDP-10 mainframe . The game was expanded upon in 1977 , with help from Don Woods , and other programmers created variations on the game and ports to other systems in the following years . In the game , the player controls a character through simple text commands to explore a cave rumored to be filled with wealth . Players earn predetermined points for acquiring treasure and escaping the cave alive , with the goal to earn the maximum number of points offered . The concept bore out from Crowther 's background as a caving enthusiast , with the game 's cave structured loosely around the Mammoth Cave system in Kentucky . Colossal Cave Adventure is the first known work of interactive fiction and , as the first text adventure game , is considered the precursor for the adventure game genre . Colossal Cave Adventure also contributed towards the role playing and roguelike genres .

Otto Cuntz ( 10 September 1865 , Stettin – 1 December 1932 , Graz ) was a German - Austrian classical historian , who specialized in ancient geography and topography . He studied at the universities of Zurich , Strasbourg and Bonn , where his instructors were Heinrich Nissen , Franz Bücheler and Hermann Usener . After graduation in 1888 , he continued his education in Berlin as a student of Otto Hirschfeld and Reinhard Kekulé von Stradonitz . In 1892 he took an extended study trip to Italy , Greece , Spain and France , then in 1894 obtained his habilitation at the University of Strasbourg . In 1898 he became an associate professor , and six years later was appointed a full professor of Roman history at the University of Graz . In 1920 he became a corresponding member of the Austrian Academy of Sciences .

François Asselineau ( , born 14 September 1957 ) is a French politician and an Inspector General for finances . Asselineau was a member of the Rally for France ( RPF ) and UMP before creating his own political party the Popular Republican Union ( Union Populaire Républicaine or UPR ) . His movement promotes France 's unilateral withdrawal from the European Union , the Eurozone and NATO . Asselineau has been described as a souverainist but does n't self - identify as such . He identifies neither as right - wing nor left - wing . Arrêt sur images described his background as " typical of a right wing énarque , bordering on the far - right " . His views have also been described by many observers as conspiracy theories . Asselineau has had a troubled relationship with the media , which he has repeatedly accused of " censorship " . In his critique he includes French Wikipedia , which has considered him insufficiently noteworthy to justify a page in the encyclopedia . The activism of his supporters to try and increase media coverage of Asselineau and the UPR has been noted by some observers . He ran in the 2017 French presidential election , presenting himself as the “ Frexit candidate ” . He was eventually eliminated in the first round , earning only 0.92 % of the votes .

" Where the Party At " is a 2001 R&B ; song by American R&B ; group Jagged Edge , with guest vocals by American hip - hop artist Nelly . A number - one single , the song spent three weeks at number - one on the U.S. R&B ; chart , and was the group 's highest - charting single on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 , spending five weeks at number three starting the week of September 15 , 2001 , stuck behind Alicia Keys ' " Fallin ' " and Jennifer Lopez 's " I 'm Real ( Murder Remix ) " . The song was nominated for Best Rap / Sung Collaboration at the 44th Grammy Awards in 2002 , a brand new category at the time . It lost to Eve and Gwen Stefani 's " Let Me Blow Your Mind " .

Chelsea was an early 1970s band from New York City , best known for being the band of drummer Peter Criss before he joined Kiss . They released one album , the self - titled album Chelsea in 1971 and then collapsed during the recording of their unreleased second album . In August 1971 , the band became Lips ( a trio consisting of Criss and his Chelsea bandmates Michael Benvenga and Stan Penridge ) . By the spring of 1973 , Lips was just the duo of Criss and Penridge and eventually disbanded completely . Their sound has been compared to the Moody Blues and Procol Harum . In 1973 , Pete Shepley & Mike Brand recorded an unreleased album which included post - Chelsea Michael Benvenga , a pre - Kiss Peter Criss , and on two songs Gene Simmons as session musicians . It was titled Captain Sanity .

Nihil is the eighth studio album by industrial rock group KMFDM , released on April 4 , 1995 on Wax Trax!/TVT . Nihil was recorded in 1994 in Seattle , Washington , and marked the return of former band member Raymond Watts and the first appearance of journeyman drummer Bill Rieflin . The album was mostly written by band leader Sascha Konietzko , who emphasized a less guitar - driven sound for the release . Nihil 's first single , " Juke Joint Jezebel " , is the band 's most widely known song of all time , with millions of copies sold over various releases . Widely praised by critics , Nihil is the band 's best - selling album . After the original release went out of print , a remastered version was released in 2007 .

Lélia Abramo ( February 8 , 1911 – April 9 , 2004 ) was an Italian - Brazilian actress and political activist . Daughter of Italian immigrants , Abramo was born and died in São Paulo , but lived in Italy from 1938 to 1950 , suffering through the privations of World War II . Along with her brothers Cláudio Abramo and plastic artist Lívio Abramo she is part of one of the most prominent families in Brazilian history in both politics and the arts . She participated in the early foundation of the ( Left Opposition in Brazil ) . Along with Mario Pedrosa , she has always been considered a sympathizer of trotskysm . Lélia Abramo was also a militant and was one of the founder of the Partido dos Trabalhadores ( Worker 's Party ) along with Mario Pedrosa , Manuel da Conceição , Sérgio Buarque de Holanda , Moacir Gadotti and Apolônio de Carvalho . She was personally active in many different movements in Brazilian politics like Diretas Já . Abramo played in 27 telenovelas , fourteen films and twenty four plays , having acted with some of the great names of São Paulo theater , like Gianni Ratto and Gianfrancesco Guarnieri with whom she debuted on stage in the 1958 in ( They do not use Black - Ties ) .

William Brown Maclay ( March 20 , 1812 – February 19 , 1882 ) was a United States Representative from New York . Born in New York City , he received private instruction and was graduated from the College of the City of New York in 1836 . He was associate editor of the New York Quarterly Review in 1836 , taught Latin , studied law , was admitted to the bar in 1839 and commenced the practice of his profession in New York City . He was a member of the New York State Assembly from 1840 to 1842 and was elected as a Democrat to the Twenty - eighth , Twenty - ninth , and Thirtieth Congresses , holding office from March 4 , 1843 to March 3 , 1849 . He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1848 to the Thirty - first Congress , and was elected to the Thirty - fifth and Thirty - sixth Congresses , holding office from March 4 , 1857 to March 4 , 1861 . He was not a candidate for reelection in 1860 to the Thirty - seventh Congress , and in 1882 died in New York City . Interment was in Green - Wood Cemetery , Brooklyn .

John Samuel Bourque ( September 8 , 1894 – March 5 , 1974 ) was a Quebec politician , Cabinet Minister , military member and businessman . He was the Member of Legislative Assembly of Quebec for the riding of Sherbrooke for 25 years . Born in Sherbrooke , Quebec , Bourque studied at the Petit Séminaire de Saint - Charles - Borromée in Sherbrooke , before being enrolled in the 22nd ( French Canadian ) Battalion , CEF , as a soldier and sergeant where he participated in World War I in the United Kingdom . He was also a colonel , sergeant , major and lieutenant - colonel for the Sherbrooke Fusilliers . He retired from the military service in 1943 . While being in military duties , he was also a businessman running a lumber store . Bourque was first elected in 1935 as a member of the Action libérale nationale which shortly after was merged with the Quebec Conservative Party to form the Union Nationale . He was re - elected for six additional terms until the 1960 elections in which he lost to the Quebec Liberal Party candidate . He served for several ministries in the Maurice Duplessis Cabinet . He was the Minister of Public Works from 1936 to 1939 , Minister of Land and Forests from 1938 to 1939 and from 1944 to 1958 , Minister of Hydraulic Resources from 1945 to 1958 and Minister of Finances from 1958 to 1960 .

Atomic Blonde is a 2017 American action thriller spy film based on the 2012 graphic novel The Coldest City , which revolves around a spy who has to find a list of double agents who are being smuggled into the West , on the eve of the collapse of the Berlin Wall in 1989 . The film is directed by David Leitch , in his first solo directorial credit , and it is written by Kurt Johnstad . The film 's cast includes Charlize Theron , James McAvoy , John Goodman , Til Schweiger , Eddie Marsan , Sofia Boutella , and Toby Jones . Atomic Blonde had its world premiere at South by Southwest on March 12 , 2017 and was theatrically released in the United States on July 28 , 2017 , by Focus Features . It grossed $ 100 million worldwide and received generally positive reviews from critics , who praised its action sequences , Theron 's and McAvoy 's performances , and the soundtrack . Many compared the film to the John Wick series , for which Leitch was an uncredited co - director and producer of the first film . A sequel is currently in development .

The March for Women 's Lives was a demonstration held on April 25 , 2004 on the National Mall in Washington , D.C. protesting the Partial - Birth Abortion Ban Act and other restrictions on abortion . March organizers estimated that 1.15 million people participated , declaring it " the largest protest in U.S. history " ; others estimated no more than 800,000 marchers , with the Associated Press and the BBC putting the figure between 500,000 and 800,000 , comparable to the Million Man March of 1995 . ( The National Park Service no longer makes official estimates of attendance after the Million Man March controversy in 1994 , so estimates are unofficial and may be speculative . ) Participants protested the recently passed Partial - Birth Abortion Ban Act ( 2003 ) as well as other policies they claim to be " anti - women " . Pro - life protesters were present in some places along the march route . There were no violent incidents , despite Washington Post reporter Hank Steuver referring to it as " aggressive and even occasionally , almost delightfully , profane . "

The Belgian Socialist Party ( , PSB ; , BSP ) was a social - democratic political party which existed in Belgium from 1945 to 1978 . During its time in office , a number of progressive social reforms were introduced . The BSP was founded by activists from the Belgian Labour Party ( 1885 – 1940 ) , which was the first Belgian socialist party . It ceased to function during the Second World War , while Belgium was under Nazi occupation . Its main support bases were the co - operative and trade union movements , and it won relatively more support in Wallonia . Like most Belgian political organisations , the party supported greater integration with the European Economic Community , albeit in a socialist context . As linguistic and community issues became more divisive , the Belgian Socialist Party split into two new entities : the Socialistische Partij for the Flemish community and the Parti Socialiste for the Francophone community .

Juan Guzmán ( born Hans Gutmann Guster , also known as " Juanito " , 28 October 1911 – 1982 ) was a German born Mexican photojournalist . He was known as a war photographer of the Spanish Civil War and later on his work with Mexican painters Frida Kahlo and Diego Rivera . Hans Gutmann was born in Cologne . In 1936 he joined the Spanish Civil War as a volunteer of the International Brigades . Gutmann later became a Spanish citizen and changed his name to Juan Guzmán . There are more than 1,300 photographs from the Spanish Civil War in the archive of Agencia EFE ( Madrid ) . His most famous image is the picture of 17-year - old Marina Ginestà standing in top of Hotel Colón in Barcelona . It is one of the most iconic photographs of the Spanish Civil War . After the war Guzmán fled to Mexico , where he arrived in 1940 . He worked for major Mexican magazines and newspapers and became a friend of Frida Kahlo with whom Guzmán shared similar political views . In the 1950s he took a large number of photographs of Kahlo and her husband Diego Rivera . Guzmán also photographed the artwork of Mexican painters like Gerardo Murillo , Jesús Reyes Ferreira and José Clemente Orozco . Juan Guzmán died in Mexico City in 1982 .

Hanscarl Leuner ( born 1919 in Bautzen ; died 1996 in Göttingen ) was a German psychiatrist . His father was a leatherware factory owner . He studium of medicine at Frankfurt University and Marburg University ( 1939 – 1946 ) was interrupted by his military service in World War II . He was a pioneer in using psychoactive drugs for therapy in Germany . He invented the so - called Psycholytic Therapy ( German : Psycholytische Therapie ) which is a combination of psychodynamic psychotherapy with some light use of hallucinogens to enhance access to preconscious contents . After the general prohibition of hallucinogens in most countries he developed Guided Affective Imagery ( also known as : KIP , Katathym - imaginative Psychotherapy , Katathym - Psychotherapy , guided mental imagery , catathymic influences ) .

Eclipse Aviation Corporation was the Albuquerque , New Mexico - based manufacturer of the Eclipse 500 very light jet ( VLJ ) and also at one time proposed developing the Eclipse 400 single - engined jet . The company was founded in 1998 by early Microsoft employee and former Symantec CEO , Vern Raburn . Due to Raburn 's relationship with Microsoft , Bill Gates was a major stake - holder in the Eclipse project . Production of the Eclipse 500 was halted in October 2008 due to lack of funding . The company entered an unsuccessful Chapter 11 bankruptcy in November 2008 , which was converted into a Chapter 7 bankruptcy liquidation procedure in February 2009 . In the final Chapter 7 procedure , completed on August 20 , 2009 , there was only one bidder , a new company formed to acquire the assets , Eclipse Aerospace . Eclipse operated service centers at Albuquerque International Sunport , Gainesville Regional Airport in Florida , and Albany International Airport in New York .

Calochortus lyallii , or Lyall 's mariposa lily , is a North American species of flowering plant in the lily family . It is native and endemic to Province of British Columbia in western Canada , as well as the State of Washington in the northwestern United States . It only grows east of the Cascade crest in the mountains and foothills , and though its numbers are apparently secure in Washington , it is considered to be a blue - listed species in Canada- blue - listed taxa are at risk , but are not extirpated , endangered or threatened . It is found in dry to mesic open forest at lower to middle elevations in the mountains , commonly found with Pinus ponderosa ( Ponderosa pine ) , Pseudotsuga menziesii ( Douglas fir ) , Calamagrostis rubescens ( pinegrass ) and Carex geyeri ( elk sedge ) .

Bartolomeo Altomonte , also known as Bartholomäus Hohenberg ( 24 February 1694 , in Warsaw – 11 November 1783 , in Sankt Florian ) , was an Austrian baroque painter who specialized in large scale frescoes . He was the son of Martino Altomonte , also a painter . Altomonte was born in Warsaw , where his father , Martino Altomonte , had been appointed to the court of Jan Sobieskis . He was the third of six children . Altomonte spent most of his life in Linz and worked primarily in Austrian monasteries such as St. Florian 's Priory and Admont Abbey . He learned from assisting his father at painting , but also from an apprenticeship with Daniel Gran . Tendencies towards the rococo remained foreign to the artist all his life ; he is considered one of the last great painters in the manner of the baroque allegory .

Mario Amilivia ( 9 November 1957 in León , Spain ) is a Spanish politician . He has served as mayor of León , Spain on two occasions : from 1995 to 2003 , and from December 2004 to June 2007 . He comes from a prominent Leonese family ; his grandfather , Antonio Amilivia , was president of the football club Cultural y Deportiva Leonesa in the 1950s , and the local soccer field is named after Antonio Amilivia . Mario Amilivia is married and has two daughters . He received a law degree , and has served as secretary - general of the Association of Anthracite Mining Companies ( Asociación de Empresas de Minas de Antracita , APEMA ) . For five years , he was associate professor of Constitutional Law at the University of León . He was also president of the Regional Federation of Municipalities and Provinces of Castile - León ( Federación Regional de Municipios y Provincias de Castilla y León ) ( 1999 – 2003 ) , president of the Partido Popular of León ( 1986 – 1989 ; 1993–2000 ) . He has also served as regional vice - secretary of the Partido Popular of Castile - León . He served in the Spanish Parliament as deputy for Leon province from 1986 to 1989 .

The Elbe Lateral Canal (; ) , is a long canal in Lower Saxony , Germany . It runs from the Mittelland Canal near Gifhorn to the Elbe in Artlenburg . It forms an important transport connection between southern and northern Germany , and it provides a bypass of a section of the Elbe with limited navigability . At the construction start it was also thought as a bypass outside the GDR , considered politically unreliable . Construction of the Elbe Lateral Canal was started in 1968 , and the canal was opened in June 1976 . Due to a dam rupture , it was closed from July 1976 until June 1977 . The difference in elevation between the Mitteland Canal and the Elbe is , which is overcome by a lock at Uelzen and the Scharnebeck twin ship lift , a boat lift at Scharnebeck . There are small ports along the canal in Lüneburg , Uelzen and Wittingen , and a landing stage at Wulfstorf ( near Bienenbüttel ) .

Mário Cravo Neto ( Salvador , April 20 , 1947 — Salvador , August 9 , 2009 ) was a Brazilian photographer , sculptor and draughtsman . Mário Cravo , son of the sculptor Mário Cravo Júnior , is considered one of the most important photographers of Brazil . Since his early life , he was in contact with circle of artists and , when an adolescent , he met with Pierre Verger , friend of his father . In 1968 , he studied for two years at the Art Students League of New York . After that , he returned to Brazil and first exhibits the sculptures created in New York at the 12th São Paulo Art Biennial . He worked mainly with black - and - white photography , and representing the religion of Candomble . In 2005 , he exhibited at Rencontres d'Arles festival . He died in 2009 in Salvador due to skin cancer . Neto is the father of Brazilian photographer Christian Cravo .

Maya Ballgame , which is a branch of the Mesoamerican Ballgame , is an sport event that was played throughout the Maya civilization . The Maya civilization was spread out throughout much of Central America . One of the common links of the Mayan culture of Mexico , Guatemala , Honduras , and Belize is the game played with a rubber ball , about which we have learned from several sources . Maya ballgame was played with big stone courts . The ball court itself was a focal point of Maya cities and symbolized the city ’s wealth and power . The playing arena was in the shape of an I with high platforms on either side of the court allowing for large numbers of spectators . Portable stone court markers known as hacha usually depicting animals or skulls were placed around the arena . The game was played for 2 weeks .

BENS’ early work focused extensively on initiatives aimed at U.S .- Soviet threat reduction and inefficiencies within support functions of the Department of Defense , e.g. , the maintenance and construction of military housing . The organization was also active in BRAC , championing the process and helping develop transition plans for locations affected by base closure . Over the last decade , the organization expanded their focus , addressing issues such as cybersecurity , domestic counterterrorism , and talent management . They have also broadened their partnerships to include other government agencies such as the Departments of State , Treasury , and Homeland Security ; the Office of the Director of National Intelligence ; and the unified combatant commands . Work provided by BENS members is pro bono . The organization 's current president and CEO is retired Air Force General Norton A. Schwartz , the 19th Chief of Staff of the U.S. Air Force , and their current chairman is Norman C. Chambers , former Chairman of NCI Building Systems . Prominent members include Jeff Bezos , John P. Morgridge , and Charles E. Phillips .

Maple is an unincorporated community in Crawford Township , Currituck County , North Carolina , United States at the intersection of NC Highway 168 and SR 1246 ( Maple Road ) . Maple is located at latitude 36.4148780 North , and longitude -76.0040925 West . The elevation is 3 feet . Maple appears on the Currituck U.S. Geological Survey Map . The United States Postal Service operates a post office located at 3452 Caratoke Hwy . , Maple , NC . The zip code for Maple is 27956 . The community of Maple is bounded on the east by Coinjock Bay , a tributary of Currituck Sound ; on the west by the Great Swamp ; on the south by the unincorporated community of Barco , NC and on the north by the unincorporated community of Currituck , NC

Fudbalski klub Sarajevo ( ) is a Bosnian professional football club based in Sarajevo , the capital city of Bosnia and Herzegovina and is one of the most successful clubs in the country . Founded on 24 October 1946 , FK Sarajevo was the most successful club from SR Bosnia in former SFR Yugoslavia , winning two Yugoslav First League titles , being runners - up on two other occasions and finishing 6th in that competition 's all - time table . The club 's official colours are maroon and white . FK Sarajevo was the only major football club founded by the post - war Yugoslav authorities in the city of Sarajevo . The club entered the Yugoslav First League in the 1948 – 49 season , and eventually competed in all but two seasons in the top tier . After Bosnia and Herzegovina gained independence from Yugoslavia , FK Sarajevo became one the country 's biggest ambassadors , departing on a large world tour during the Bosnian War with the goal of gaining international support for the country 's cause . Today , FK Sarajevo is one of the most prominent members of the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina , where it has won three Bosnian championships , five Bosnian Cups and one Bosnian Supercup . Furthermore , the club was runners - up in the national championship another six times . It is ranked first in the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina all - time table and is the country 's most prominent representative in European competitions . FK Sarajevo is the most popular football club in the country , together with FK Željezničar , with whom it shares a strong rivalry that manifests itself in the Sarajevo derby . The club plays its home matches at the Asim Ferhatović Hase Stadium , named after legendary club striker Asim Ferhatović . The stadium has a capacity of 34.500 . Since December 2013 , FK Sarajevo is run by Malaysian businessman , investor and former Chairman of Berjaya Group , Vincent Tan .

Collins Street is a major street in the centre of Melbourne , Victoria in Australia . It was laid out in the first survey of Melbourne , the original 1837 Hoddle Grid , and soon became the most desired address in the city . Collins Street was named after Lieutenant - Governor David Collins who led a group of settlers in establishing a short - lived settlement at Sorrento in 1803 . The eastern end of Collins Street has been known colloquially as the ' Paris End ' since the 1950s due to its numerous heritage buildings , old street trees , high - end shopping boutiques , and as the location for the first sidewalk cafes in the city . Blocks further west centred around Queen Street became the financial heart of Melbourne in the 19th century , the preferred home of major banks and insurance companies , a tradition which continues today with the most prestigious office blocks and skyscrapers found along its length .

The Minister of Home Affairs ( or simply , the Home Minister ) is the head of the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Government of India . One of the senior - most officer in the Union Cabinet , the chief responsibility of the Home Minister is the maintenance of India 's internal security ; the country 's large police force comes under his ambit . Occasionally , he / she is assisted by the Minister of State of Home Affairs and the lower - ranked Deputy Minister of Home Affairs . Ever since the time of independent India 's first Home Minister , Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel , the office has been seen as second in seniority only to the Prime Minister in the Union Cabinet . Like Patel , several Home Ministers have since held the additional portfolio of Deputy Prime Minister . As of February 2018 , three Home Ministers have gone on to become the Prime Minister who are : Lal Bahadur Shastri , Charan Singh and P. V. Narasimha Rao . Since 26 May 2014 , the Home Minister of India is Rajnath Singh of the Bharatiya Janta Party , taking over the reins from Sushilkumar Shinde .

In Norse Mythology , Óttar , also known as Óttar the Simple , is a protégé of the goddess Freyja . He appeared in Hyndluljóð ( the Lay of Hyndla ) , a poem in the Poetic Edda . In this tale , Óttar is said to be very pious to the goddesses . He built a shrine of stones , a hörgr , and on it made many offerings to Freyja . The goddess answered his prayers and went on a journey to help him find his pedigree . Freyja disguised Óttar as her boar Hildisvini ( the Battle - Swine ) and brought him to the giantess Hyndla , a seeress . There , Freyja forced Hyndla to tell Óttar about his ancestors , as well as to give him a memory potion so that he would remember all that he was told . It has been theorized that the framework of the poem was created for the 12th - century poet to produce a list of mythical heroes ' names . The poem does not connect much to other poems in the Edda , and is often viewed as a semi - historical work . Viktor Rydberg theorized that Óttar is another spelling of the name Óðr .

" Goodbyeee " , or " Plan F : Goodbyeee " , is the sixth and final episode of the British historical sitcom Blackadders fourth series , entitled Blackadder Goes Forth . The episode was first broadcast on BBC1 in the United Kingdom on 2 November 1989 , shortly before Armistice Day . Apart from the one - off short film made a decade later , it was the last episode of Blackadder to be produced and transmitted . The episode depicts its main characters ' final hours before a British offensive on the Western Front of the First World War , and Captain Blackadder 's attempts to escape his fate by feigning madness ; after he fails to convince General Melchett , and Field Marshal Haig 's advice proves useless , he resigns himself to taking part in the push . Goodbyeee has a darker tone than other episodes in the series , culminating in its acclaimed ending in which the main characters are assumed to die in machine - gun fire . The episode 's theme of death ties in with the series ' use of gallows humour , its criticism and satire of war , and its depiction of authority figures contentedly sending their subordinates to face the enemy , while unwilling to do so themselves . Richard Curtis and Ben Elton wrote the episode , and further material was provided by cast members . Its final sequence , which shows the main characters going " over the top " , uses slow motion , as the programme 's creators were unhappy with the result of the scripted ending . The enhanced scene has been described as bold and highly poignant .

The Palais Lanckoroński was a palace in Vienna , Austria , located at Jacquingasse 16 - 18 , in the Landstraße District . It was constructed in 1894 - 95 for Count Karol Lanckoroński and his family as a personal residence , and it housed the count 's enormous art collection . The palace was built in a neo - baroque style by the theatre architects Ferdinand Fellner and Hermann Helmer . The building was three stories high , set back from the street , and protected by a wall with double gates . The entrance hall was wood panelled , two stories high , and decorated with portraits of the family . Other festive halls were decorated with frescoes and luxurious gobelin tapestries from the 17th century . Precious paintings , furniture and sculpture from different eras were arranged to form themed ensembles in the various rooms , with the rooms named to reflect the collection housed within . The palace was severely damaged in World War II , and was torn down in the 1960s .

Mosè in Egitto ( Moses in Egypt ) ( ) is a three - act opera written by Gioachino Rossini to an Italian libretto by Andrea Leone Tottola , which was based on a 1760 play by Francesco Ringhieri , L'Osiride . It premièred on 5 March 1818 at the recently reconstructed Teatro San Carlo in Naples , Italy . In 1827 Rossini revised the work with a new title : Moïse et Pharaon , ou Le passage de la Mer Rouge ( Moses and Pharaoh , or The Crossing of the Red Sea ) ( ) . It was set to a four - act libretto written in French by Luigi Balocchi and Victor - Joseph Étienne de Jouy and the première was given by the Paris Opera at the Salle Le Peletier on 26 March the same year . Riccardo Muti and many scholars consider Moïse et Pharaon , along with Guillaume Tell , to be among Rossini 's greatest achievements :

" Mighty Wings " is a song by American rock band Cheap Trick , released in 1986 as the third single from the soundtrack of the film Top Gun . It was written by Harold Faltermeyer and Mark Spiro , and produced by Faltermeyer . Despite the commercial success of the Top Gun soundtrack , and unlike the four other singles culled from the album , " Mighty Wings " failed to make an appearance in the Billboard chart . It was the third of five singles to be released from the soundtrack , following " Danger Zone " by Kenny Loggins and " Take My Breath Away " by Berlin . In the film Top Gun , the music ( without vocals ) is played in the first training session at Miramar , while the full version with vocals is played during the ending credits .

The Committee on International Trade ( INTA ) is a committee of the European Parliament . Its current chair , elected on 7 July 2014 , is Bernd Lange . INTA is responsible for matters relating to the establishment , implementation and monitoring of the EU ’s common commercial policy and its external economic relations , including trade and investment legislation , bilateral , plurilateral and multilateral agreements and relations with the World Trade Organisation ( WTO ) . With the Treaty of Lisbon , the Parliament has become a co - legislator in the Union ’s Common Commercial Policy and has the final say on entry into force of all trade agreements . Moreover , the Union competencies were expanded to include foreign investment . The main legislative achievements guided through the Parliament by INTA during the 7th parliamentary term ( 2009 - 2014 ) include regulations on ' Grandfathering ' , ' Financial Responsibility ' , macro - financial assistance to third countries , ' Enforcement’ , ' Dual Use ' , ' Omnibus I and II ' packages , the review of the Generalised System of Preferences ( GSP ) and the Market Access Regulation ( MAR ) . Legislation on the Public procurement and Modernisation of the Trade Defence Instruments ( TDI ) would only be adopted if an agreement with the Council is reached . During its last term the European Parliament gave consent to free trade agreements with South Korea and Peru / Colombia , rejected Anti - Counterfeiting Trade Agreement ( ACTA ) , scrutinised trade talks with Canada , Singapore and African , Caribbean and Pacific ( ACP ) countries and started examining ongoing negotiations with Japan and the US .

George Charles Calnan ( January 18 , 1900 – April 4 , 1933 ) was a United States Navy officer who also competed for the United States as a fencer . Competing in four Summer Olympics , he earned three bronze medals ( Individual épée : 1928 , Team foil : 1932 , Team épée : 1932 ) A native of Boston , Massachusetts , Calnan did not start fencing until he was a student at the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis , Maryland . By the time he was a senior , he was captain of the Navy 's fencing team . Two years later , Calnan competed for the US at the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris where he finished tied for fifth in the team épée competition . Calnan took the Olympic Oath at the 1932 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles . Calnan was among the 73 fatalities of the USS Akron crash in 1933 . He had a lieutenant 's rank at the time of the crash . He was posthumously inducted in the US Fencing Hall of Fame in 1963 , among the first inductees .

" Little Red Rooster " ( or " The Red Rooster " as it was first titled ) is a blues standard credited to arranger and songwriter Willie Dixon . The song was first recorded in 1961 by American blues musician Howlin ' Wolf in the Chicago blues style . His vocal and slide guitar playing are key elements of the song . It is rooted in the Delta blues tradition and the theme is derived from folklore . Musical antecedents to " Little Red Rooster " appear in earlier songs by blues artists Charlie Patton and Memphis Minnie . A variety of musicians have interpreted and recorded " Little Red Rooster " . Some add new words and instrumentation to mimic the sounds of animals mentioned in the lyrics . American soul music singer Sam Cooke adapted the song using a more uptempo approach and it became a successful single on both the US rhythm and blues and pop record charts in 1963 . Concurrently , Dixon and Howlin ' Wolf toured the UK with the American Folk Blues Festival and helped popularize Chicago blues with local rock musicians overseas . The Rolling Stones were among the first British rock groups to record modern electric blues songs . In 1964 , they recorded " Little Red Rooster " with original member Brian Jones , a key player in the recording . Their rendition , which remains closer to the original arrangement than Cooke 's , became a number one record in the UK and continues to be the only blues song to reach the top of the British chart . The Stones frequently performed it on television and in concert and released several live recordings of the song . " Little Red Rooster " continues to be performed and recorded , making it one of Willie Dixon 's best - known compositions .

William Edward Robinson ( born December 15 , 1920 ) is an American former Major League Baseball first baseman , scout , coach and front office executive of the 1940s , 1950s , 1960s , 1970s and 1980s who , during a 13-year playing career ( 1942 ; 1946 – 57 ) , was on the roster of seven of the eight American League teams then in existence ( everyone except the Red Sox ) . He is the author of an autobiography , published in 2011 , titled Lucky Me : My Sixty - five Years in Baseball . He is also the last surviving member of the 1943 " Navy World Series " . Robinson is the last living person to win the World Series with the Cleveland Indians , as well as the oldest living player to play on a World Series - winning team and the oldest living member of the Detroit Tigers , New York Yankees , and Washington Senators .

David Thomas McLaughlin ( March 16 , 1932 – August 25 , 2004 ) was the 14th President of Dartmouth College , 1981 – 1987 . McLaughlin also served as chief executive officer of Orion Safety Products from 1988 to December 31 , 2000 . He was president and chief executive officer of the Aspen Institute from 1988 to 1997 and its chairman from 1987 to 1988 . He served as chairman and chief executive officer of Toro Company from 1977 to 1981 , after serving in various management positions at Toro Company since 1970 . McLaughlin served as a director of CBS Corporation from 1979 , becoming chairman of the board in January 1999 until the CBS merger . He also served as a director of Infininity Broadcasting Corporation until the Infinity merger .

" Himnusz " (; ) is the national anthem of Hungary . It was adopted in the 19th century and the first stanza is sung at official ceremonies . The words were written by Ferenc Kölcsey , a nationally renowned poet , in 1823 , and its currently official musical setting was composed by the romantic composer Ferenc Erkel in 1844 , although other less - known musical versions exist . The poem bore the subtitle " A magyar nép zivataros századaiból " ( " From the stormy centuries of the Hungarian people " ) ; it is often argued that this subtitle – by emphasising past rather than contemporary national troubles – was added expressly to enable the poem to pass Habsburg censorship . The full meaning of the poem 's text is evident only to those well acquainted with Hungarian history . The lyrics of " Himnusz " are a prayer beginning with the words Isten , áldd meg a magyart ( ) ( ) .

The Piano Lesson is a 1987 play by American playwright August Wilson . It is the fourth play in Wilson 's The Pittsburgh Cycle . Wilson began writing this play by playing with the various answers regarding the possibility of " acquir[ing ] a sense of self - worth by denying one 's past " . The Piano Lesson received the 1990 Pulitzer Prize for Drama . A Romare Bearden painting , The Piano Lesson , inspired Wilson to write a play featuring a strong female character to confront African - American history , paralleling Troy in earlier Fences . However , on finishing his play , Wilson found the ending to stray from the empowered female character as well as from the question regarding self - worth . What The Piano Lesson finally seems to ask is : " What do you do with your legacy , and how do you best put it to use ? " Set in 1936 Pittsburgh during the aftermath of the Great Depression , The Piano Lesson follows the lives of the Charles family in the Doaker Charles household and an heirloom , the family piano , which is decorated with designs carved by an enslaved ancestor . The play focuses on the arguments between a brother and a sister who have different ideas on what to do with the piano . The brother , Boy Willie , is a sharecropper who wants to sell the piano to buy the land ( Sutter 's land ) where his ancestors toiled as slaves . The sister , Berniece , remains emphatic about keeping the piano , which shows the carved faces of their great - grandfather 's wife and son during the days of their enslavement .

Center Gai ( センター街 Sentā - gai ) is a narrow street in Udagawachō ( 宇田川町 ) , Shibuya , Tokyo , Japan . It is a popular area for youths as it has a variety of popular brand name stores , fast food outlets and nightclubs . Its name is meant to signify how it is the " center " of Shibuya . It can be reached from Shibuya Station . Center Gai originated as a road built over culverts spanning the River Udagawa . On June 20 , 1997 , as a result of strong winds from typhoon No.7 Opal ( 08W , Kuring ) that had descended on the Kantō region , a 4-ton archway at the entrance to Center Gai collapsed , killing one man outright and injuring several others .

Ridge Canipe ( born July 13 , 1994 ) is an American actor . Ridge is best known for his roles in Walk the Line ( in which he played Johnny Cash as a boy ) , the thriller Baby Blues in 2008 and the 2005 version of Bad News Bears . He also co - starred in the 231st presentation of the Hallmark Hall of Fame production Pictures of Hollis Woods which aired on CBS in December 2007 . He helped Walk the Line castmate and friend Hailey Anne Nelson , write and issue a vegan cookbook for children by PETA . He has also appeared in a couple of episodes of Desperate Housewives , as Danny Farrell , the paper boy of Wisteria Lane . Other appearances in television shows include guest roles in Angel , Cold Case , and Drake & Josh . He has also appeared as young Dean Winchester in the CW TV series Supernatural .

Jackie Beat ( born July 24 , 1965 ) is the drag persona of actor , singer , songwriter and screenwriter Kent Fuher . Beat has appeared in a number of independent feature films both in and out of drag , including , Flawless , and Adam & Steve ( for which he also wrote and performed the song " Dance Off " ) . In television , Beat has appeared on Sex and the City and was a writer for the short - lived sketch comedy series Hype on The WB Television Network . Beat is a fixture on the New York City cabaret scene and performs a sold - out Gay Pride and a sold - out Christmas run every year ; in 2009 her Christmas dates took place at the Laurie Beechman Theater . Jackie Beat is the lead singer of the Electroclash band Dirty Sanchez . Beat is also a columnist for IN : LA magazine . Beat lives in Highland Park , California .

Francesco Pazienza ( born in Monteparano in the 1946 ) is an Italian businessman , and former officer of the Italian military intelligence agency , SISMI . As of April 2007 , he has been paroled to the community of Lerici , after serving many years in prison , including a 1993 conviction due to his role in the Banco Ambrosiano scandal , and a 1982 conviction for mishandling state secrets . Pazienza holds a degree in medicine from the University of Rome . He worked as a business consultant in France during the 1970s . In 1979 he was hired into SISMI , and became an assistant to SISMI director , General Giuseppe Santovito . Pazienza left the intelligence agency in wake of the Propaganda Due scandal that rocked the Italian political scene in 1981 . The Banco Ambrosiano scandal , Roberto Calvi 's " suicide , " and charges of mishandling state secrets concerned with the 1980 Bologna bombing , made Pazienza a fugitive from Italian law . Eventually , Pazienza ended up in the United States . A first extradition request from Italy was handed to the U.S. government in 1984 , but Pazienza was not yet arrested . His arrest come only on March 4 , 1985 . Extradition procedures ensued , and a judge order him to stand trial in Italy , an appeal process did not change that , and Pazienza was handed over to the Italian government in June 1986 .

Hoàng Diệu ( chữ Hán : 黃耀 , 1828 – 25 April 1882 ) was a Nguyễn Dynasty governor of Hanoi , on behalf of Emperor Tự Đức , resident in Huế . Diệu was born in 1828 into a family of officials in Điện Bàn District , Quảng Nam Province . In 1848 , he passed the thi Hương or Township Test . In 1853 , he became a phó bảng ( " Top Scholars " ) and thereafter , a cử nhân ( " senior bachelor " ) . In 1864 , he suppressed Nguyễn Phúc Hồng Tập 's rebellion . He was then posted to Bắc Giang Province , Nam Định Province and Bắc Ninh Province respectively . In 1879 , Hoàng Diệu was appointed as the governor of Hanoi . He committed suicide by hanging when the French under captain Henri Rivière , having exceeded his superiors ' orders , suddenly took the citadel of Hanoi on 25 April 1882 . Hoàng Diệu is venerated alongside Nguyễn Tri Phương by the Vietnamese people as loyal subjects who sacrificed themselves for Vietnam . Many cities and streets in Vietnam are named after him . His grandson was the Paris - trained philosopher Phan Khôi .

Rzeszów ( ; ; ; , Ŕašiv ; , rayshe ) is the largest city in southeastern Poland , with a population of 190,203 ( 30 June 2018 ) . It is located on both sides of the Wisłok River in the heartland of the Sandomierz Basin . Rzeszów has been the capital of the Subcarpathian Voivodeship since 1 January 1999 , and is also the seat of Rzeszów County . The history of Rzeszów begins in 1354 , when it received city rights and privileges by Casimir III the Great . Local trade routes connecting the European Continent with the Middle East and the Ottoman Empire resulted in the city 's early prosperity and development . In the 16th century , Rzeszów had a connection with Gdańsk and the Baltic Sea . It also experienced growth in commerce and craftsmanship , especially under local rulers and noblemen . Following the Partitions of Poland , Rzeszów was annexed by the Austrian Empire and did not regain its position until it returned to Poland after World War I. During World War II Rzeszów 's large Jewish community perished in the Holocaust . Rzeszów has found its place in the group of the most elite cities in Poland , with growing number of investments , rapid progress and a very high standard of living . In 2011 Forbes awarded Rzeszów with the second place in the ranking of the most attractive semi - large cities for business . Moreover , the city is home to a number of higher education schools and foreign consulates . Rzeszów is also developing as a regional tourist destination ; its Old Town , Main Market Square , churches and synagogues belong to one of the best preserved in the country . In recent years , the population of Rzeszów has grown from 159,000 ( 2005 ) to over 190,000 ( 2018 ) . Further plans for extending the city 's borders include incorporating surrounding counties to strengthen its function as a metropolitan centre in southeastern Poland . Rzeszów is served by an international airport and is a member of Eurocities .

Eugène Olivier ( 17 September 1881 in Paris – 5 May 1964 ) was a French fencer and Olympic épée champion . He received a bronze medal in épée individual and a gold medal in épée team at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London . Eugene Olivier est un ancient escrimeur , medecin et collectionneur Francais . Membre de l'equipe de France d'epee , il est champion olympique par equipe aux Jeux de Londres de 1908 . Il remporte egalement la medaille de bronze dans le concours individual . Il est member fondateur et le premier president du Paris Universite Club ( P.U.C. ) . Docteur es Sciences et professeur agrege d'Anatomie , il est elu member de l'Academie de Chirurgie en 1953 . Heraldiste et philateliste , president de l'Academie de philatelie de 1957 a 1964 , il a rassemble des collections de timbres , de marques postales , d'ex libris et de relieures armoriees , et est l'auteur d'un Manuel de l'Amateur des Relieures Armoriees francaises en 30 volumes ainsi que de nombreuses publications d'anatomie . Il avait une large collection de livre anciens signees et annotes entre autres par Balzac , Victor Hugo , Celine .

The United States Attorney General ( A.G. ) is the head of the United States Department of Justice per , concerned with all legal affairs , and is the chief lawyer of the United States government . In cases of the federal death penalty , the power to seek the death penalty rests with the Attorney General . Under the Appointments Clause of the Constitution , the Attorney General is nominated by the President and appointed with the advice and consent of the Senate . The Constitution provides that civil officers of the United States , which would include the Attorney General , may be impeached by Congress for treason , bribery , or " high crimes and misdemeanors " . The Attorney General may be removed at will by the President under the Supreme Court decision Myers v. United States , which found that the President may remove executive branch officials without the consent of the Senate or any other entity . The common law further suggests that the President has the power to remove an official engaged in purely executive functions or an official whose duties immediately affect the President 's ability to fulfill his constitutional responsibilities , ( Bowsher v. Synar , 1986 ) .

Romeo Void was an American new wave / post punk band from San Francisco , California , formed in 1979 . The band primarily consisted of saxophonist Benjamin Bossi , vocalist Debora Iyall , guitarist Peter Woods , and bassist Frank Zincavage . The band went through four drummers , starting with Jay Derrah and ending with Aaron Smith . The band released three albums , It 's a Condition , Benefactor and Instincts , along with one EP . They are best known for the songs " Never Say Never " and " A Girl in Trouble ( Is a Temporary Thing ) " ; the latter became a Top 40 pop single . The band was started at the San Francisco Art Institute by Iyall and Zincavage . They released a single on the recently formed 415 Records before recording their debut album , which has been deemed a " masterpiece of American post - punk " . The success of their second release , a 4-song EP , Never Say Never resulted in a distribution deal with Columbia Records . The band continued to release music and tour until they broke up in 1985 . The members have reunited briefly over the years . Iyall has continued to pursue music as a side project . Iyall garnered acclaim as a skilled lyricist who explored themes like sexuality and alienation from a female perspective with " searing imagery " .

Robert Henry " Bob " Gurr ( born October 25 , 1931 in Los Angeles , California ) is an American amusement ride designer and Imagineer . His most famous work was for Walt Disney 's Disneyland Park , and its subsequent sister parks . Gurr is said to have designed most , if not all , of the ride vehicles of the Disneyland attractions , including Autopia , Haunted Mansion , the Disneyland Monorail , the Submarine Voyage , and the Matterhorn Bobsleds . He was named a Disney Legend in 2004 . He also worked on the King Kong Encounter animatronic for Universal Studios Hollywood . Gurr began his career with Disney designing the Autopia vehicles . He later gave himself the title of Director of Special Vehicle Development .

A member of the United States Senate can resign by writing a letter of resignation to the governor of the state that the senator represents . Under Article I , Section 3 of the Constitution of the United States , and under the Seventeenth Amendment , in case of a vacancy in the Senate resulting from resignation , the executive authority of the state ( today known in every state as the governor ) can fill the vacancy by appointment unless the state legislature has provided for a special election to fill the vacancy . Whenever a senator needs to be appointed or elected , the Secretary of the Senate mails one of three forms to the state 's governor to inform them of the proper wording to certify the appointment of a new Senator . The first resignation from the Senate was that of William Paterson of New Jersey on November 13 , 1790 , who resigned in order to accept the office of Governor of New Jersey . His resignation was only the third time a person ceased to hold a seat in the Senate , which had first convened during the preceding year , 1789 . The earlier ones resulted from the death of Senator William Grayson of Virginia , and the expiration of the term of the temporary senator John Walker of Virginia , who was appointed by the Governor of Virginia to hold that office until a successor could be elected in November . Before 1796 , eight senators resigned . Nine senators resigned during that year – a record high number that stands to this day . Most resignations have been motivated either by declining health or a decision to accept another office . Sixteen persons have resigned from the Senate twice and two have resigned three times .

Willits ( formerly Little Lake and Willitsville ) is a city in Mendocino County , California , United States . Willits is located north - northwest of Ukiah , at an elevation of 1391 feet ( 424 m ) . The population was 4,888 at the 2010 census , down from 5,073 at the 2000 census . Willits is at the center of Mendocino County and at the beginning of the county 's extensive redwood forests as approached by Highway 101 from the south . An arch donated to the city by Reno , Nevada in 1995 stands in the center of town . The Arch is the repurposed second version of the Reno Arch , from which the City of Willits removed most of the original plastic panels and of which it replaced the star with the flag of the United States and the slogan of Reno with its own slogans " Gateway to the Redwoods " and " Heart of Mendocino County " . The Sherwood Valley Rancheria of Pomo Indians of California is headquartered in Willits .

Gorzów County ( ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Lubusz Voivodeship , western Poland . It came into being on January 1 , 1999 , as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998 . Its administrative seat is the city of Gorzów Wielkopolski , although the city is not part of the county ( it constitutes a separate city county ) . The only towns in Gorzów County are Kostrzyn nad Odrą , which lies west of Gorzów Wielkopolski , and Witnica , west of Gorzów Wielkopolski . The county covers an area of . As of 2006 its total population is 65,546 , out of which the population of Kostrzyn nad Odrą is 17,725 , that of Witnica is 6,849 , and the rural population is 40,972 .

Kiato ( , Sidirodromikos Stathmos Kiatou ) is a railway station in Kiato in the northern Peloponnese , Greece . The station is located a kilometre west of the town , near the Greek National Road 8A ( Patras – Corinth highway ) . It opened on 9 July 2007 as the western terminus of the line from Athens Airport . Initially the station served as an exchange point for passengers to Patras on the old metre gauge SPAP line to Patras , but all traffic was suspended indefinitely in December 2010 for cost reasons . The nearby old Kiato station was also closed . Passengers for Patras must now change to bus services at Kiato . the station is served by one train per hour to Piraeus .

Joe Garagiola Jr. ( born 1952 ) is the senior vice president of standards and on - field operations for Major League Baseball . He was previously senior vice president of baseball operations , and before that the general manager of the Arizona Diamondbacks . He is the son of Joe Garagiola Sr . , who played catcher for the St. Louis Cardinals and Pittsburgh Pirates in the late 1940s and early 1950s . In 1973 , Garagiola , along with Chris Hart , appeared on the game show To Tell the Truth as impostors pretending to be police detective Richard Buggy . Garagiola 's father and Hart 's mother , Kitty Carlisle , were regular panelists on the show at the time and both appeared as part of a prank on their parents . He is an alumnus of Archbishop Stepinac High School , the University of Notre Dame and Georgetown University Law Center .

Pelantaro or Pelantarú (; from the Mapuche pelontraru or " Shining Caracara " ) was one of the vice toquis of Paillamachu , the toqui or military leader of the Mapuche people during the Mapuche uprising in 1598 . Pelantaro and his lieutenants Anganamon and Guaiquimilla were credited with the death of the second Spanish Governor of Chile , Martín García Óñez de Loyola , during the Battle of Curalaba on December 21 , 1598 . This disaster provoked a general rising of the Mapuche and the other indigenous people associated with them . They succeeded in destroying all of the Spanish settlements south of the Bio - bio River and some to the north of it ( Santa Cruz de Oñez and San Bartolomé de Chillán in 1599 ) . After this disaster , the following Governor , Alonso de Ribera , fixed a border and took the suggestions of the Jesuit Luis de Valdivia to fight a defensive war . At one point , Pelantaro had both the heads of Pedro de Valdivia and Martín Óñez de Loyola and used them as trophies and containers for chicha , a kind of alcohol . As a demonstration of peaceful intentions , he gave them up in 1608 . Pelantaro was captured in 1616 and held for a year and a half until after the death of the governor Alonso de Ribera . He was released by his successor Fernando Talaverano Gallegos in a vain attempt to establish a peace with the Mapuche .

The Club Paradise Tour was the second headlining tour by Canadian recording artist , Drake . The tour came following the release of Drake 's second studio album , Take Care . The tour 's name spins off from the 2011 song " Club Paradise " , a promotional single released ahead of the release of Take Care , which , in turn , borrowed its name from a strip club in Toronto . An official poster for the tour was released along with the announcement of the venture , showing Drake in the same room as is on the album cover , expressing the despondent conflicting stance about growing wealth and fame prevalent in the album . The tour featured Kendrick Lamar and A$ AP Rocky as opening acts for the majority of the dates throughout the tour , with various acts being added as the tour expanded beyond North America . Due to the large demand and tickets selling out in minutes in multiple locations , extra tour dates were added to the itinerary , which included a second leg across the United States . The tour became a commercial success , grossing $ 42 million in the tour 's duration . It was the highest - grossing hip - hop tour of 2012 , according to Pollstar 's annual year end tour chart .

The International Bank for Reconstruction and Development ( IBRD ) is an international financial institution that offers loans to middle - income developing countries . The IBRD is the first of five member institutions that compose the World Bank Group , and is headquartered in Washington , D.C. , United States . It was established in 1944 with the mission of financing the reconstruction of European nations devastated by World War II . The IBRD and its concessional lending arm , the International Development Association , are collectively known as the World Bank as they share the same leadership and staff . Following the reconstruction of Europe , the Bank 's mandate expanded to advancing worldwide economic development and eradicating poverty . The IBRD provides commercial - grade or concessional financing to sovereign states to fund projects that seek to improve transportation and infrastructure , education , domestic policy , environmental consciousness , energy investments , healthcare , access to food and potable water , and access to improved sanitation . The IBRD is owned and governed by its member states , but has its own executive leadership and staff which conduct its normal business operations . The Bank 's member governments are shareholders which contribute paid - in capital and have the right to vote on its matters . In addition to contributions from its member nations , the IBRD acquires most of its capital by borrowing on international capital markets through bond issues . In 2011 , it raised $ 29 billion USD in capital from bond issues made in 26 different currencies . The Bank offers a number of financial services and products , including flexible loans , grants , risk guarantees , financial derivatives , and catastrophic risk financing . It reported lending commitments of $ 26.7 billion made to 132 projects in 2011 .

François - Isidore Gagelin ( 10 May 1799 – 17 October 1833 ) was a French missionary of the Paris Foreign Missions Society in Vietnam . He died a martyr , and became the first French martyr of the 19th century in Vietnam . He was born in Montperreux , Doubs . He left for Vietnam in 1821 . In 1826 , when Emperor Minh Mạng ordered all missionaries to gather at the capital Huế , he fled to the south to Đồng Nai in Cochinchina . He was captured once and released . On 6 January 1833 , a new edict of prohibition was promulgated by Minh Mạng and immediately put in application . Churches were destroyed , and missionaries had to live in hiding . Gagelin surrendered in August 1833 , and he was brought to Huế . He was killed by strangulation on 17 October 1833 , which is the date of his feast . He was beatified in 1900 , and canonized in 1988 by Pope John Paul II .

" Dirty Diana " is a song by American artist Michael Jackson . It is the ninth track on Jackson 's seventh studio album , Bad . The song was released by Epic Records on April 18 , 1988 as the fifth single from the album . It presents a harder rock sound similar to " Beat It " from Thriller ( 1982 ) and a guitar solo played by Steve Stevens . " Dirty Diana " was written and co - produced by Jackson , and produced by Quincy Jones . The song 's lyrics pertain to groupies . " Dirty Diana " has a moderate tempo and is played in the key of G minor . " Dirty Diana " received mixed reviews from contemporary music critics , but was a commercial success worldwide in 1988 , charting at No . 1 on the United States Billboard Hot 100 . The song also charted within the top ten in multiple countries , including the United Kingdom , France , Italy , and New Zealand . In 2009 , after Jackson 's death in June , the song re - entered charts , mainly due to digital download sales . A music video for " Dirty Diana " was filmed in front of a live audience and released in 1988 .

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Lancaster , Pennsylvania . This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on National Register of Historic Places in the city of Lancaster , Pennsylvania , United States . The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below , may be seen in a Google map . There are 207   properties and districts listed on the National Register in Lancaster County . The city of Lancaster is the location of 57 of these properties and districts ; they are listed here , while the 151   properties and districts in the other parts of the county are listed separately . One property straddles the Lancaster city limits and appears on both lists . Another two sites are further designated as National Historic Landmarks . Yet another property was formerly listed but has been removed .

Canine leishmaniasis ( LEESH - ma - NIGH - ah - sis ) is a zoonotic disease ( see human leishmaniasis ) caused by Leishmania parasites transmitted by the bite of an infected phlebotomine sandfly . Canine leishmaniasis was first identified in Europe in 1903 , and in 1940 , 40 % of all dogs in Rome were determined to be positive for leishmaniasis . Traditionally thought of as a disease only found near the Mediterranean basin , 2008 research claims new findings are evidence that canine leishmaniasis is currently expanding in continental climate areas of northwestern Italy , far from the recognized disease - endemic areas along the Mediterranean coasts . Cases of leishmaniasis began appearing in North America in 2000 , and , as of 2008 , Leishmania - positive foxhounds have been reported in 22 U.S. states and two Canadian provinces .

" Ik wil alles met je delen " ( " I want to share everything with you " ) was the Dutch entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1990 , performed in Dutch by Maywood . The English language version was entitled " No more winds to guide me " . The song is a ballad , with the singer telling her lover that she wants to share everything with him - including the hard times in life . She sings that life is a " merry - go - round " , and that if she is there when things are bad , she will also be there when they are good . The song was performed fifth on the night , following Turkey 's Kayahan with Gözlerinin Hapsindeyim and preceding Luxembourg 's Céline Carzo with " Quand je te rêve " . At the close of voting , it had received 25 points , placing 15th in a field of 22 . The Netherlands opted out of the 1991 contest , as it coincided with the country 's Remembrance of the Dead commemorations . Thus , the song was succeeded as Dutch representative at the 1992 contest by Humphrey Campbell with " Wijs me de weg " .

Empty Estate is an EP by American indie rock act Wild Nothing , released on May 14 , 2013 on Captured Tracks in the US and Bella Union in the UK . Produced by founding member and primary recording artist Jack Tatum , the EP was released nine months after the band 's second studio album , Nocturne ( 2012 ) . Regarding the release , Jack Tatum stated : " I feel like I ’ve accomplished in seven songs , on this EP , what I really wanted to do with Nocturne , which is to find a way to compromise all of the things [ I am ] musically . I think I did that more with this EP than I have everything in the past . "

Spiritchaser is the seventh studio album by Dead Can Dance , and the last before Brendan Perry and Lisa Gerrard went their separate ways . It expands on its exploration of world music , and like Into the Labyrinth , was recorded at Quivvy Church , Perry 's personal studio in Ireland . The album was dedicated to Lisa Gerrard 's deceased brother , Mark Gerrard . The track " Indus " contains a melody that is very similar to that of " Within You Without You " , a Beatles song that George Harrison wrote and recorded with Indian musicians in 1967 . Although not deliberate , Perry and Gerrard were asked to contact Harrison for his permission to use it ; he granted it , but the record company insisted that they give him partial songwriting credit on " Indus " .

Herzogenbusch concentration camp ( , , ) was a Nazi concentration camp located in Vught near the city of ' s - Hertogenbosch , Netherlands . Herzogenbusch was , with Natzweiler - Struthof in occupied France , the only concentration camp run directly by the SS in western Europe outside Germany . The camp was first used in 1943 and held 31,000 prisoners . 749 prisoners died in the camp , and the others were transferred to other camps shortly before the camp was liberated by the Allied Forces in 1944 . After the war the camp was used as a prison for Germans and Dutch collaborators . Today there is a visitors ' center with exhibitions and a national monument remembering the camp and its victims . The camp is now a museum .

General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union was an office of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union ( CPSU ) that by the late 1920s had evolved into the most powerful of the Central Committee 's various secretaries . With a few exceptions , from 1929 until the union 's dissolution the holder of the office was the de facto leader of the Soviet Union , because the post controlled both the CPSU and the Soviet government . Joseph Stalin elevated the office to overall command of the Communist Party and by extension the whole Soviet Union . Nikita Khrushchev renamed the post First Secretary in 1953 ; the change was reverted in 1966 . The office grew out of less powerful secretarial positions within the party : Technical Secretary ( 1917 – 1918 ) , Chairman of the Secretariat ( 1918 – 1919 ) , Responsible Secretary ( 1919 – 1922 ) ( when Lenin was leader of the party of Bolsheviks ) .

Richard Msowoya is a Malawian politician who has been Speaker of the National Assembly of Malawi since 2014 . Msowoya served as Deputy Minister of Education in Bingu wa Mutharika 's cabinet but he resigned following the introduction of the controversial ' equitable ' selection of students into Malawian public higher education institutions , dubbed , ' the quota ' system which , presumably , disenfranchises capable students from more populous and intellectually more gifted districts . He was elected as a member of the National Assembly on 20 May 2014 , and on 16 June 2014 he was elected as Speaker of the National Assembly , receiving 101 votes against 89 for Francis Kasaila . He was also the running mate of Lazarus Chakwera , the Malawi Congress Party 's presidential candidate in the May 2014 general elections .

Mimolette is a cheese traditionally produced around the city of Lille , France . In France , it is also known as Boule de Lille after its city of origin , or vieux Hollande for being made after the tradition of Edam cheese . It was originally made by the request of Louis XIV , who – in the context of Jean - Baptiste Colbert 's mercantilistic policies – was looking for a native French product to replace the then very popular Edam . To make it distinct from Edam he seasoned it with annatto to give it a sweet and nutty flavor and a distinct orange color . It normally weighs about 2   kg ( approximately 4.5 pounds ) and is made from cow 's milk . Its name comes from the French word mi - mou ( feminine mi - molle ) , meaning " semi - soft " . This refers to the softness of the crust when young – with age it becomes harder . It has a grey crust and orangish flesh . The orange color comes from the natural seasoning , annatto , which has a sweet and nutty flavor . The cheese has a similar appearance to a cantaloupe melon . The greyish crust of aged Mimolette is the result of cheese mites intentionally introduced to add flavor by their action on the surface of the cheese . Mimolette can be consumed at different stages of aging . When younger , its taste resembles that of Parmesan . Many appreciate it most when " extra - old " ( extra - vieille ) . At that point , it can become rather hard to chew , and the flesh takes a hazelnut - like flavour . The cheese was known to be a favorite of French President Charles De Gaulle .

Wong Nai Siong ( ) ( 1849—1924 ) as a Chinese revolutionary leader and educator from Minqing county in Fuzhou , Fujian province , China . He served in The Methodist Episcopal Church for many years and participated in the " Letter to Bus " reform , Hundred Days ' Reform and also the Xinhai Revolution which resulted in the formation of Republic of China on Taiwan . He also led people from Fujian province to migrate to other countries including Malaysia , especially Sibu , Sarawak . Wong Nai Siong was born in Fuzhou Ming Qing , where his father was a carpenter and his family was very poor . He had to work in the farm and study at the same time to provide for the family . In 1866 , missionaries from the Methodist Episcopal came ; Wong Nai Song was baptised and converted to Christianity in November that year . Although it was not to the liking of the villagers , he was not ostracised as they still regard him as from the same clan . As time went by , the villagers also converted to Christianity . In the winter of 1867 , priest Xu Yang Mei took Wong Nai Siong as an assistant and taught him the Bible . This led to Wong Nai Siong 's learning English and being exposed to Western culture and thinking . When asked his reason for converting to Christianity , he explained that he was appalled by the disparity between the teachings of Confucius and the actions of those who professed Confucianism .

Ellis Wellwood Sifton ( 12 October 1891 – 9 April 1917 ) was a Canadian soldier . Sifton was a recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces . Sifton was born in Wallacetown , Ontario and was a farmer when he enlisted in October 1914 . One of four soldiers to earn the Victoria Cross in the Battle of Vimy Ridge ( the others were Thain Wendell MacDowell , William Johnstone Milne and John George Pattison ) , Sifton was 25 years old , and a Lance Sergeant in the 18th ( Western Ontario ) Battalion , Canadian Expeditionary Force during the First World War when the following deed took place for which he was awarded the Victoria Cross .

The city of Athens ( , Athênai ] ; Modern Greek : Ἀθῆναι , Athínai ) during the classical period of Ancient Greece ( 508–322 BC ) was the major urban center of the notable polis ( city - state ) of the same name , located in Attica , Greece , leading the Delian League in the Peloponnesian War against Sparta and the Peloponnesian League . Athenian democracy was established in 508 BC under Cleisthenes following the tyranny of Isagoras . This system remained remarkably stable , and with a few brief interruptions remained in place for 180 years , until 322 BC ( aftermath of Lamian War ) . The peak of Athenian hegemony was achieved in the 440s to 430s BC , known as the Age of Pericles . In the classical period , Athens was a center for the arts , learning and philosophy , home of Plato 's Akademia and Aristotle 's Lyceum , Athens was also the birthplace of Socrates , Plato , Pericles , Aristophanes , Sophocles , and many other prominent philosophers , writers and politicians of the ancient world . It is widely referred to as the cradle of Western Civilization , and the birthplace of democracy , largely due to the impact of its cultural and political achievements during the 5th and 4th centuries BC on the rest of the then - known European continent .

The Guess Who is a Canadian rock band , formed in Winnipeg in 1965 . Initially gaining recognition in Canada , the group found international success from the late 1960s through the mid-1970s with many hit singles , including " No Time " , " American Woman " , " Laughing " , " These Eyes " , " Undun " and " Share the Land " . The band have continued to perform and record to the present day , and at various times have included many well - known musicians , including Burton Cummings and Randy Bachman ( of Bachman – Turner Overdrive ) . Formed as a garage rock band , their musical style encompassed the pop rock and psychedelic rock genres . The band was inducted into the Canadian Music Hall of Fame in 1987 . In 2002 , Randy Bachman , Burton Cummings , Garry Peterson , Donnie McDougall and Bill Wallace received the Governor General 's Performing Arts Award for Lifetime Artistic Achievement for The Guess Who 's contribution to popular music in Canada .

The Azerbaijani Popular Front Party ( APFP ) ( , ) is an opposition political party in Azerbaijan , founded in 1992 by Abulfaz Elchibey . After Elchibey 's death in 2000 , the party split into two factions , the reform wing led by Ali Kerimli and the classical wing led by Mirmahmud Miralioglu . During 5 November 2000 ( and 7 January 2001 ) parliamentary elections , the party won 11.0 % of the popular vote and 6 out of 125 seats in the National Assembly of Azerbaijan . Its candidate Gudrat Hasanguliyev won only 0.4 % of the popular vote in the 15 October 2003 presidential elections . At the parliamentary elections of 6 November 2005 , APF joined the Freedom ( ) block but won only one seat .

Niko Nirvi ( born 1961 ) is a long - term major icon in the Finnish gaming world . He is well known for writing computer game reviews since the 1980s in MikroBitti , C = Lehti and the computer game yearbooks that were predecessors of the Pelit magazine . He has worked for the latter since its founding in 1992 , and holds a column in addition to making reviews and other reports . Nirvi began his career as a game reviewer in 1986 on pages of MikroBitti . He had made a bet with his friend that he could get his review published in the magazine . He sent two reviews , and Uridium and the former was published ( they already had one Uridium review ) . Nirvi wrote reviews and a regular column about new games for Mikrobitti and became the " game editor " of the magazine . He also wrote reviews for C = Lehti . When Pelit , that concentrated solely on gaming , was founded by the same publisher , Nirvi joined its ranks as an editor , and has written a regular column for each issue . Trademarks of his are signing with " Nnirvi " or a variation , and never showing his face in the magazine . Photos of him are always either covered or edited in a way that the face is unrecognizable . His personal picture in his articles is usually a gaming or movie character whose face is blurred ( for example Master Chief ) while the rest of the crew 's articles feature their real faces . Wallu 's drawings of Nirvi depict him as a bearded man with Spock 's Vulcan ears . According to Nirvi , his avoidance of publicity started in 1988 , when a MikroBitti reader asked for a photograph of him , which Nirvi instantly declined , and this avoidance has strengthened ever since . Nirvi 's style is typically humorous , and sometimes unorthodox . Some of Nirvi 's most unconventional reviews were published in C = Lehti . The review of Domark 's motorboat game Hydra was written as a nursery rhyme from the beginning to the end . The review of Battle Island contained just two words : ” Paska Commando - klooni . " ( " shitty Commando clone " ) .

Sorry I 'm Late is the second studio album by English recording artist Cher Lloyd . It was released on 27 May 2014 , by Epic Records , Syco Music , and Mr. Kanani . Lloyd herself co - wrote five songs on the album , working with new producers and songwriters such as Beth Ditto and Tove Lo . It is her last album released through Epic and Syco . Sorry I 'm Late received generally positive reviews during its US release , with many critics praising Lloyd 's personality and vulnerability on the album , and commenting on the maturity in comparison to her debut studio album , Sticks and Stones ( 2011 ) . The album was preceded by the singles " I Wish " and " Sirens " , both of which received equally positive reviews . The album was described as " fun " and " sweet but sharp " by critics . To promote the album , Lloyd embarked on her I Wish Tour , her second headlining concert tour and her first by touring North America .

Marie Madeleine Jodin ( 1741 – 1790 ) was an eighteenth - century French actress , friend of Diderot , and early feminist . Jodin was born to a prostitute mother and a Swiss clockmaker father . After a childhood of forced imprisonment and religious conversion , she eventually became an actress performing in the Comedie Francaise in Paris and then in Warsaw , Dresden , and Bordeaux during the 1760s . When her father died she became the ward of his friend , the encyclopedist , and art critic Denis Diderot , who would became her mentor . Diderot 's help would shape the course of her adult acting life and many of her feminist theories that she would later present in her treatise Vues Legislative Pour Les Femmes to the French National Assembly . Her treatise is considered to be the first feminist work to be written and signed by a woman in the French Revolutionary period and Enlightenment periods .

Unite Against Fascism ( UAF ) is an anti - fascist pressure group in the United Kingdom , with support from politicians of the three largest political parties in the House of Commons , including the former Conservative Prime Minister David Cameron and Labour politician Tony Benn . It describes itself as a national campaign with the aim of alerting British society to a perceived threat of fascism and the far right — in particular the British National Party ( BNP)—gaining a foothold at local , national and European elections , arguing that " there is a real danger that the BNP could get a significant platform in elected institutions " . Its joint secretaries are Weyman Bennett and Sabby Dhalu , formerly of the National Assembly Against Racism ( NAAR ) . Its chair is Steve Hart of the union Unite and its assistant secretary is Jude Woodward of Socialist Action . Since 2013 , UAF has mainly operated through the brand Stand Up To Racism , which has many of the same officers as UAF : Bennett and Dhalu as joint secretaries , Diane Abbott as president and co - chairs Dave Ward of the Communication Workers ' Union and Talha Ahmad of the Muslim Council of Britain .

Elyn Zimmerman ( born 1945 ) is an American sculptor known for her emphasis on large scale , site specific projects and environmental art . Along with these works , Zimmerman has exhibited drawings and photographs since graduating with an MFA in painting and photography at University of California , Los Angeles in 1972 . Her teachers included Robert Heineken , Robert Irwin , and Richard Diebenkorn . In the mid 1970s Zimmerman created a number of temporary , site - specific installations for museum and gallery exhibitions . Some of these projects were presented at the Museum of Contemporary Art , Chicago ; Hudson River Museum , NY ; Walker Art Center , Minneapolis ; Berkeley Art Museum , Berkeley ; Los Angeles County Museum of Art , Los Angeles ; and the Hirshhorn Museum , Washington , DC . Zimmerman 's permanent sculpture works , beginning in the 1980s , range from studio pieces and private commissions , to large scale projects for civic , university and corporate sites . She was most recently awarded the 2016 Isamu Noguchi Award alongside Tadao Ando .

William H. Nobles ( 1816 – December 28 , 1876 ) was an American military officer , businessman , and politician . Nobles was born in Genesee County , New York . He moved to Wisconsin Territory in 1841 and settled in St. Croix Falls , Wisconsin Territory . He then moved to Hudson , Wisconsin Territory and Stillwater , Wisconsin Territory . In 1848 , Nobles settled in Saint Paul , Wisconsin Territory . He was involved with the blacksmith , wagon building businesses and was a machinist . He helped constructed a wagon road for the United States government . In 1854 and 1856 , Nobles served in the Minnesota Territorial House of Representatives . He also served on the Saint Paul City Council in 1855 and 1856 . Nobles served in the 79th New York Volunteer Infantry during the American Civil War . Nobles died in Saint Paul , Minnesota . Nobles County , Minnesota was named in his honor .

The National Statuary Hall Collection holds statues donated by each of the United States , depicting notable persons in the histories of the respective states . Displayed in the National Statuary Hall and other parts of the United States Capitol in Washington , D.C. , the collection includes two statues from each state , plus one from the District of Columbia , plus Rosa Parks , making a total of 102 . By act of Congress , which commissioned the statue in 2005 , Rosa Parks is also there , though not representing a state . The year was 2013 , the centenary of her birth . Hers is the only statue in the Hall not linked with a state , and the first full - length statue of an African American in the Capitol . Later that year ( on Juneteenth , 2013 ) , by act of Congress ( P.L. 112 - 174 ) , a statue of Frederick Douglass was added as a choice of the District of Columbia .

In Occupied Europe during World War II , a co - ordinated assassination offensive against Nazi security forces , codenamed Ratweek , was mounted in January 1944 by the Special Operations Executive ( SOE ) , with the intention of creating confusion and trepidation at the same time as the Allies increased preparations for the Resistance 's contribution to the Normandy Landings . Full details have never been released , but it is known that " Ratweek " achieved successes against Nazi personnel and collaborators in Norway , France , Denmark , and the Netherlands . In 2000 it was revealed that the operation had been supervised by Hardy Amies , best known for his official title as dressmaker for Queen Elizabeth II , and at the time head of the SOE 's Belgian Section .

The Hitch - Hiker is a 1953 film noir directed by Ida Lupino , about two fishing buddies who pick up a mysterious hitchhiker during a trip to Mexico . Inspired by the crime spree of the psychopathic murderer Billy Cook ( 1928 – 1952 ) , the screenplay was written by Robert L. Joseph , Lupino , and her former husband Collier Young , based on a story by blacklisted Out of the Past screenwriter Daniel Mainwaring ( who did not receive screen credit ) . The Hitch - Hiker is regarded as the first American mainstream film noir directed by a woman and was selected in 1998 for preservation in the United States National Film Registry as being " culturally , historically or aesthetically significant . " The film is in the public domain .

Curup is a subdistrict of Rejang Lebong Regency , Bengkulu province of Indonesia . It is also the capital of the regency . Curup is the 2nd largest city in the province of Bengkulu . Curup subdistrict has an area of 3.95   km² , consisting of 9 Administrative village . Curup number of subdistrict residents in 2010 was 28.173 inhabitants . Curup is the main producing areas of rice , vegetables and coffee in bengkulu province , whose harvest are sent to the Palembang , Jambi , Padang , Lampung and Jakarta . Some of the famous tourist spot is Suban Hot Spring , Bastari Lake , Mount Kaba , Waterfall in Kepala Curup , Tabarena and prehistoric sites such as Panco Stone . This area is also known as the habitat of Rafflesia arnoldii .

" Honey , I 'm Good . " is the second single from American musician Andy Grammer 's second studio album , Magazines or Novels ( 2014 ) . It was first released in the US in November 2014 and impacted radio in February 2015 . The song peaked at number 9 on the Billboard Hot 100 , making it Grammer 's highest - charting single to date . It has been certified triple - platinum by the RIAA and was ranked one of the 10 best - selling songs of 2015 by Soundscan . The single was written by Grammer and Nolan Sipe , and was produced by Steve Greenberg , Brian West and Sipe . The song was released to country radio on July 27 , 2015 , as a duet with the Eli Young Band .

Kevin Twaddle ( born 31 October 1971 in Edinburgh ) is a Scottish former professional footballer . A forward , Twaddle began his career with junior club Dunbar United . He entered senior football when he signed for St Johnstone in 1994 . He remained at McDiarmid Park for two years , making 51 league appearances and finding the net on ten occasions . In 1996 , he joined Raith Rovers in an £ 80,000 deal . He made 32 appearances for Rovers in two years , scoring four goals . He moved to Morton in 1998 for a fee of £ 150,000 , but his stay at Cappielow was brief . Scottish Premier League club Motherwell signed him later that year , also for £ 150,000 . Twaddle signed for Hearts , the club he supported as a boy , in June 2002 . He only played eight league games for the Jambos in his twelve months with the Edinburgh side . In 2003 , he joined St Mirren , but again his stay was a short one , and he moved on after making only three appearances . Twaddle joined Scottish junior club Penicuik Athletic in the summer of 2004 .

The genesis of modern understanding of Greek mythology is regarded by some scholars as a double reaction at the end of the 18th century against " the traditional attitude of Christian animosity mixed with disdain , which had prevailed for centuries " , in which the Christian reinterpretation of myth as a " lie " or fable had been retained . In Germany , by about 1795 , there was a growing interest in Homer and Greek mythology . In Göttingen Johann Matthias Gesner began to revive Greek studies and a new humanistic spirit . His successor , Christian Gottlob Heyne , worked with Johann Joachim Winckelmann , and laid the foundations for mythological research both in Germany and elsewhere . Heyne approached the myth as a philologist and shaped the educated Germans ' conception of antiquity for nearly half a century , during which ancient Greece exerted an intense influence on intellectual life in Germany .

Avellaneda is a department of the Río Negro Province , Argentina . It is crossed by the Negro River forming a fertile valley known as the Valle Medio . The river bifurcates and then both arms join again forming two main islands known as Isla Grande de Choele Choel and Isla Chica de Choele Choel and a few smaller ones . The Isla Grande holds the towns of Luis Beltrán , Lamarque and Pomona , as well as the most fertile area of the department , with cultivations of tomatoes , apples and pears among the most important . Choele Choel , on the other side of the river from the Isla Grande and at the intersection of Argentine National Route 22 and Provincial Route 250 that crosses the island , is the transport hub of the area with an important long - distance bus terminal , and an airport currently operating only private flights . Through Darwin , outside the fertile valley , passes the railway that connects Buenos Aires with Bariloche , but the line is currently almost inactive , with occasional cargo - train traffic that does n't stop at the town .

" Déjà Vu " is a hit 1979 ballad song written by Isaac Hayes and Adrienne Anderson and recorded by Dionne Warwick in 1979 . It was the second single released from her Arista debut album , Dionne , which was produced by Barry Manilow . The song was Warwick 's fifth and last top 40 single of her 1970s period and her second top 40 single following the release of " I 'll Never Love This Way Again " in the five years since her number - one single , " Then Came You " , featuring The Spinners . " Déjà Vu " went to number 15 on the Billboard Hot 100 , number 25 on the soul chart , and number one on the Adult Contemporary chart in early 1980 . Warwick won the Grammy for Best Female R&B ; Vocal Performance for " Déjà Vu " .

Stampede Pass ( elevation ) is a mountain pass in the northwest United States , through the Cascade Range in Washington . Southeast of Seattle and east of Tacoma , its importance to transportation lies almost entirely with railroading , as no paved roads cross it . It is approximately south - southeast of Snoqualmie Pass , the gap for and south of Keechelus Lake . The pass , and the tunnel to the south which takes advantage of it , the Stampede Tunnel ( ) , just below played a significant role in the history of the Northern Pacific Railway . The tunnel opened for service in May 1888 , and is currently operated by the NP 's successor , BNSF Railway . After over a decade of dormancy in the late 20th century , the Stampede Pass Line and Tunnel were reopened in 1997 by BNSF , which utilizes the route as one of two direct Northern Transcon main lines through the Cascades , between Spokane and the Seattle metropolitan area .

The Rockwell City Bridge is located just east of Rockwell City , Iowa , United States . The span carried traffic on 270th Street over an unnamed stream . In 1915 Calhoun County requested the Iowa State Highway Commission ( ISHC ) and Des Moines engineer James B. Marsh to design a bridge for this crossing . The ISHC designed a double span concrete girder structure , while Marsh submitted his patented single - span rainbow arch configuration . They chose the Marsh submission , and contracted with the Iowa Bridge Company to build six bridges for $ 11,690 , which included the costs for this bridge at $ 4,107.65 . Originally built to serve a county road , it was later incorporated into the route for U.S. Highway 20 and carried heavy traffic until the highway was realigned in 1981 . While no longer in use , the bridge remains in place just south of the replacement span . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998 .

Paul MacDermid ( born April 14 , 1963 in Chesley , Ontario ) is a retired professional ice hockey right winger who played 690 games in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) for the Hartford Whalers , Winnipeg Jets , Washington Capitals , and Quebec Nordiques . MacDermid was selected 61st overall in the 1981 NHL Entry Draft by Hartford . He played his junior career with the Windsor Spitfires of the Ontario Hockey League . His oldest son , Lane was selected by the Boston Bruins in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft . Lane scored his first career NHL goal exactly 31 years after the same was done by Paul . They are only the second pair of father and son who scored their first goals on one date . His younger son , Kurtis is a defenseman for the Los Angeles Kings .

Jon André Røyrane ( born 12 December 1983 ) is a Norwegian footballer . Røyrane was born in Norheimsund and grew up in Kvinnherad and started his senior career for Norheimsund IL . After the 2005 season he signed for Sandefjord Fotball together with his younger brother Ørjan . He was sold to Løv - Ham Fotball after the 2007 season . He was loaned out to Åsane Fotball in parts of 2008 . After playing for Løv - Ham in Adeccoligaen in 2009 , Røyrane joined Lyn ahead of the 2010 season , but left for Kristiansund when Lyn was bankrupted halfway through the season . Ahead of the 2012 season , Røyrane joined UMF Selfoss , and became the fourth Norwegian in the Icelandic club . On 10 May 2012 , Røyrane scored his first goal for Selfoss against Valur where he showed great technique and skills . Røyrane signed for Fram Reykjavik in the summer of 2013 , but left the club when the season ended . He went back to Norway and played for Stord IL . Currently he is assistant coach in Stord .

José María Mijares ( born 1921 in Havana , Cuba ) is a Cuban contemporary visual artist . He began drawing in his adolescent years and entered the San Alejandro Academy of Fine Arts on a scholarship at the age of 16 . His greatest influences were the artists of the " Havana School " : Carlos Enríquez , René Portocarrero , Cundo Bermúdez , as well as his professors , most notable being modernist painter Fidelio Ponce . He was also a part of the influential group , Los Diez Pintores Concretos ( the 10 Concrete Painters ) , or as they are usually referred to , Los Diez ( the 10 ) . Although the group had a relatively short life , 1959 - 1961 , and exhibited together only a few times , they remain an important part of Cuba 's art history especially in the pre - Castro years and leading up to the revolution . He left Cuba in 1968 , resigning his teaching position at the academy when Fidel Castro came into power . Based in Miami , he continued to be a prolific painter and until his death in 2004 , at the age of 82 .

Nkandla is a town in the uThungulu district of KwaZulu - Natal , South Africa . It is the seat of the Nkandla Local Municipality , and the district in which the residence of the former President of South Africa , Jacob Zuma is located . The residence is located 40 kilometres to the south of the town of Nkandla , beyond the Nkandla Forest and on the road to Kranskop . The Nkandla region encompasses nearly 115,000 inhabitants , spread relatively sparsely over a large area . Nkandla is mainly a rural area and is in the top five of the poorest places in KwaZulu - Natal province . Poverty is prevalent , with 44 % unemployment . The majority of the population are Zulus . A 2004 documentary , The Orphans of Nkandla , by the BBC and Truevision , recounted the hardships and poverty of orphans in Nkandla . Zuma was joined by Nelson Mandela to open Mnyakanya High School in 2004 .

" Health Care " is the third episode of the first season of the American comedy television series The Office . Written by Paul Lieberstein , who also acts in the show as Toby Flenderson , and directed by Ken Whittingham , the episode first aired in the United States on April 5 , 2005 on NBC . In this episode , Michael ( Steve Carell ) is tasked with choosing a new and inexpensive health care plan . He immediately hands it off to enthusiastic volunteer Dwight ( Rainn Wilson ) . Dwight ruthlessly cuts nearly all benefits in the new plan , angering the rest of the office staff . Meanwhile , Pam ( Jenna Fischer ) and Jim ( John Krasinski ) make up fake diseases , much to Dwight 's chagrin . In an attempt to appease them , Michael promises the entire office a surprise and then spends the rest of the day scrambling to come through with his promise . The employees wait for Michael 's surprise , which he awkwardly never delivers . Jenna Fischer later called " Health Care " her favorite season one episode . During one particular scene , Rainn Wilson kept improvising new fake diseases . The laughter that resulted in his ad - libs was not scripted , as they were in fact the cast 's genuine reaction to Wilson 's fake diseases . The episode received a 2.9/7 in the Nielsen ratings among people aged 18–49 garnered 5.8 million viewers overall . In addition , the episode retained 100 % of its lead - in 18–49 audience and ranked , along with the other first - season episodes of The Office , as NBC 's highest - rated Tuesday night program since February 1 , 2005 . The episode received positive reviews .

Post - Impressionism ( also spelled Postimpressionism ) is a predominantly French art movement that developed roughly between 1886 and 1905 , from the last Impressionist exhibition to the birth of Fauvism . Post - Impressionism emerged as a reaction against Impressionists ' concern for the naturalistic depiction of light and colour . Due to its broad emphasis on abstract qualities or symbolic content , Post - Impressionism encompasses Neo - Impressionism , Symbolism , Cloisonnism , Pont - Aven School , and Synthetism , along with some later Impressionists ' work . The movement was led by Paul Cézanne ( known as father of Post - impressionism ) , Paul Gauguin , Vincent van Gogh , and Georges Seurat . The term Post - Impressionism was first used by art critic Roger Fry in 1906 . Critic Frank Rutter in a review of the Salon d'Automne published in Art News , 15 October 1910 , described Othon Friesz as a " post - impressionist leader " ; there was also an advert for the show The Post - Impressionists of France . Three weeks later , Roger Fry used the term again when he organized the 1910 exhibition , Manet and the Post - Impressionists , defining it as the development of French art since Manet . Post - Impressionists extended Impressionism while rejecting its limitations : they continued using vivid colours , often thick application of paint , and real - life subject matter , but were more inclined to emphasize geometric forms , distort form for expressive effect , and use unnatural or arbitrary colour .

The discography of Colbie Caillat , an American musician and singer - songwriter , contains six studio albums , seven extended plays , one compilation album , twenty - two singles ( including six as a featured artist ) , twenty - two music videos and other album appearances and songwriting credits . Caillat rose to fame through social networking website Myspace . At that time , she was the number - one unsigned artist of her genre . After signing with Universal Republic , she released debut album in July 2007 , Coco has sold 2,060,000 copies in the United States and is certified 2× Platinum . In August 2009 , she released Breakthrough , her second album which became her first album to debut at number one on Billboard 200 . It has been certified Gold by RIAA . In July 2011 , she released her third studio album , All of You . In October 2012 she released her first Christmas album , Christmas in the Sand . Caillat sold 6 million albums and 10 million singles worldwide .

Gorny District (; , Gornay uluuha ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion , or ulus ) , one of the thirty - four in the Sakha Republic , Russia . It is located in the center of the republic and borders Vilyuysky and Kobyaysky Districts in the north , Namsky District and the territory of the city of republic significance of Yakutsk in the east , Khangalassky District in the south , Olyokminsky District in the southwest , and Verkhnevilyuysky District in the west . The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the rural locality ( a selo ) of Berdigestyakh . As of the 2010 Census , the total population of the district was   11,706 , with the population of Berdigestyakh accounting for 55.2 % of that number .

Igor Yuriyevich Nikulin (; born August 14 , 1960 in Moscow , Russian SFSR ) is a former hammer thrower who represented the USSR , the Unified Team , and later Russia . He won the bronze medal at the 1992 Olympic Games in Barcelona , Spain . One of the most remarkable performances in all of hammer throwing is Igor Nikulin 's U23 world record of 83.54 m set 1982 - 09 - 02 in Athína , which then was good enough to put him 2nd in the world through all time behind Sergey Litvinov on 83.98 m. His personal best of 84.48 m was set on July 12 , 1990 in Lausanne currently putting him 7th through all time . Nikulin 's father Yury finished fourth at the men 's hammer throw at the 1964 Summer Olympics .

Emperor Gaozong of Song ( 12 June 1107 – 9 November 1187 ) , personal name Zhao Gou , courtesy name Deji , was the tenth emperor of the Song dynasty in China and the first emperor of the Southern Song dynasty . He was the ninth son of Emperor Huizong and a younger half - brother of Emperor Qinzong . In 1127 , during the wars between the Song dynasty and Jurchen - led Jin dynasty , the Song capital Bianjing ( present - day Kaifeng ) fell to Jin forces in an event historically known as the Jingkang Incident . Emperors Huizong and Qinzong were taken prisoner by the Jurchens , while Zhao Gou managed to escape to southern China . He reestablished the Song dynasty ( as the Southern Song dynasty ) in Lin'an ( present - day Hangzhou ) and was proclaimed emperor . He reigned from 1127 until 1162 , when he abdicated the throne in favour of his adopted son Zhao Shen ( Emperor Xiaozong ) , and became a Taishang Huang ( " Retired Emperor " ) until his death in 1187 . He was the last descendant of Emperor Taizong to become emperor ; subsequent Song emperors were descendants of Emperor Taizu .

Zigong dialect ( ) is a branch of Southwestern Mandarin , spoken mainly in Zigong , Fushun , Weiyuan , east Rongxian and some parts of Yibin , Neijiang , Longchang and other neighboring areas of Sichuan . At least four Chinese dialects are spoken in Zigong City : Zigong dialect , Rongxian dialect , Hakka and Minjiang dialect . A majority of people in Zigong speak Zigong dialect . However , most people in Rongxian , a county of Zigong City , speak Rongxian dialect , whose pronunciation is quite different from that of Zigong dialect . Besides , owing to a great number of Hakka immigrants in history , a small number of Hakka people in certain towns also remain to speak Hakka . Also , Minjiang dialect is spoken in a few remote towns or villages bordering to Luzhou , Leshan and Yibin .

The Heinlein Society is a United States organization devoted to the study and promotion of the late American science fiction author Robert Heinlein . The Heinlein Society was founded in 1997 with the assistance of Robert Heinlein 's widow , Virginia Heinlein , and is a 501(c)3 non - profit corporation established in California . The " semi - scholarly " society exists to " preserve the legacy of renowned writer Robert Anson Heinlein left " ; according to it , it accomplishes this through promoting " Heinlein blood drives " , distributing copies of Heinlein 's works to U.S. military personnel , awarding scholarships , and promoting scholarly research on Heinlein . The society also sponsors the Robert A. Heinlein Award . In 2016 the organization paid for a bronze bust of Heinlein for display in the Missouri State Capitol , following the author 's induction into the Hall of Famous Missourians .

The Thomas Viaduct spans the Patapsco River and Patapsco Valley between Relay , Maryland and Elkridge , Maryland , USA . It was commissioned by the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad ( B&O ; ) ; built between July 4 , 1833 , and July 4 , 1835 ; and named for Philip E. Thomas , the company 's first president . At its completion , the Thomas Viaduct was the largest railroad bridge in the United States and the country 's first multi - span masonry railroad bridge to be built on a curve . It remains the world 's oldest multiple arched stone railroad bridge . In 1964 , it was designated as a National Historic Landmark . The viaduct is now owned and operated by CSX Transportation and still in use today , making it one of the oldest railroad bridges still in service .

Jean Piaget ( , ; ; 9 August 1896 – 16 September 1980 ) was a Swiss psychologist known for his work on child development . Piaget 's theory of cognitive development and epistemological view are together called " genetic epistemology " . Piaget placed great importance on the education of children . As the Director of the International Bureau of Education , he declared in 1934 that " only education is capable of saving our societies from possible collapse , whether violent , or gradual . " His theory of child development is studied in pre - service education programs . Educators continue to incorporate constructivist - based strategies . Piaget created the International Center for Genetic Epistemology in Geneva in 1955 while on the faculty of the University of Geneva and directed the Center until his death in 1980 . The number of collaborations that its founding made possible , and their impact , ultimately led to the Center being referred to in the scholarly literature as " Piaget 's factory " . According to Ernst von Glasersfeld , Jean Piaget was " the great pioneer of the constructivist theory of knowing . " However , his ideas did not become widely popularized until the 1960s . This then led to the emergence of the study of development as a major sub - discipline in psychology . By the end of the 20th century , Piaget was second only to B. F. Skinner as the most cited psychologist of that era .

The Cairns - to - Kuranda Railway is a heritage - listed railway line from the Cairns Region to the Shire of Mareeba , both in Queensland , Australia . It commences at Redlynch , a suburb of Cairns and travels up the Great Dividing Range to Kuranda within the Shire of Mareeba on the Atherton Tableland . It was built from 1913 to 1915 by Queensland Railways . Components of it include Stoney Creek Bridge , the Rail Bridge over Christmas Creek , Kuranda railway station , and Surprise Creek Rail Bridge . It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 21 August 1992 . The railway is used to operate a tourist rail service , the Kuranda Scenic Railway . It forms part of the Tablelands railway line .

The Swedish Armed Forces ( , literally “ the Defense Force ” ) is the government agency that forms the military forces of Sweden , and which is tasked with defence of the country , as well as promoting Sweden 's wider interests , supporting international peacekeeping efforts , and providing humanitarian aid . It consists of : the Swedish Army , the Swedish Air Force and the Swedish Navy , with addition of a military reserve force , the Home Guard ( ) . Since 1994 , all the Swedish armed services are organised within a single unified government agency , headed by the Supreme Commander , even though the individual services maintain their distinct identities . King Carl XVI Gustaf of Sweden is traditionally attributed as Honorary General and Admiral à la suite . The military history of Sweden includes several unions and wars with all of its neighbour states , including extended Swedish intervention in the Thirty Years ' War at the times of the Swedish Empire during the 17th and early 18th centuries . Wars with Russia culminated in the Finnish War ( 1808 – 1809 ) , with Sweden losing Finland . During the World Wars , the Cold War and throughout the 20th century , Sweden maintained a national policy of non - alignment , while the Swedish Armed Forces strength was based upon the concepts of conscription . In 2010 , peacetime conscription was abolished , replacing it with volunteer armed forces including the Home Guard – National Security Force until 2018 . Units from the Swedish Armed Forces are currently on deployment in several international operations either actively or as military observers , including Afghanistan as part of ISAF and in Kosovo . Moreover , Swedish Armed Forces contribute as the lead nation for an EU Battle Group approximately once every three years .

Hellmut G. Haasis ( born 7 January 1942 ) is a German historian , author , and broadcaster . He is particularly known for his biographies of Georg Elser who attempted to assassinate Adolf Hitler in 1939 ; Reinhard Heydrich who was one of the main architects of the Holocaust ; and Joseph Süß Oppenheimer who was executed in 1738 and in 1940 was the subject of a notorious Nazi anti - semitic propaganda film , Jud Süß . Haasis was born in Mühlacker , a town in the Swabia region of Germany , and has written two novels in Swabian dialect as well as a collection of poetry . He is the recipient of the Thaddäus Troll Literature Prize , the Schubart Literature Prize , and the Civis Media Prize .

Bare Island is an heritage - listed islet located in south - eastern Sydney , in the City of Randwick local government area in the state of New South Wales , in eastern Australia . The islet is located about south east of the Sydney central business district , within Botany Bay , close to the bay 's northern headland . Containing former fortification facilities , Bare Island was a former war veterans ' home and museum and is now an historic site that was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999 and is significant as an almost completely intact example of late nineteenth century coastal defence technology . It was designed by Sir Peter Scratchley , Gustave Morell and James Barnet and built from 1881 to 1889 by John McLeod on behalf of the NSW Department of Public Works . Bare Island is connected by a footbridge to the suburb of La Perouse . The heritage - listed military fort and tunnels can only be visited by guided tour . The waters around the island are popular with scuba divers .

Archie Comic Publications , Inc. is an American comic book publisher headquartered in Pelham , New York . The company is known for its many titles featuring fictional teenagers including Archie Andrews , Jughead Jones , Betty Cooper , Veronica Lodge , Reggie Mantle , Sabrina Spellman , and Josie and the Pussycats . The company began in 1939 as MLJ Comics , which primarily published superhero comics . The initial Archie characters ( Archie Andrews , Betty Cooper and Jughead Jones ) were created in 1941 by publisher John L. Goldwater and artist Bob Montana , in collaboration with writer Vic Bloom . They first appeared in Pep Comics # 22 ( cover - dated Dec. 1941 ) . With the creation of Archie , publisher John Goldwater hoped to appeal to fans of the Andy Hardy movies starring Mickey Rooney . Archie Comics was also the title of the company 's longest - running publication , the first issue appearing with a cover date of Winter 1942 . Starting with issue # 114 , the title was shortened to simply Archie . The flagship series was relaunched from issue # 1 in July 2015 with a new look and design suited for a new generation of readers . Archie Comics characters and concepts have also appeared in numerous films , television programs , cartoons , and video games .

Umako conducted political reforms with Prince Shōtoku during the rules of Emperor Bidatsu and Empress Suiko and established the Soga clan 's stronghold in the government by having his daughters married to members of the imperial family . In the late 6th century , Soga no Umako went to great lengths to promote Buddhism in Japan , and was instrumental in its acceptance . At that time , the Soga clan employed immigrants from China and Korea , and worked to obtain advanced technology and other knowledge . In 587 , Umako defeated Mononobe no Moriya in the Battle of Shigisen , securing Soga dominance . On January 15 , 593 , relics of Buddha Shakyamuni were deposited inside the foundation stone under the pillar of a pagoda at Asuka - dera ( Hōkō - ji at the time ) , a temple whose construction Umako ordered , according to the Suiko section of the Nihonshoki . Ishibutai Kofun is believed to be the tomb of Soga no Umako .

Ernest Durig ( 1894 in Zurich , Switzerland – 1962 in Washington , D.C. , United States ) was a sculptor and art forger , known for his faking of drawings by Auguste Rodin . Durig claimed to have been a pupil of Rodin , but the only documentation of their having ever met is a single photograph . As a sculptor , Durig , no doubt helped by his claimed link to Rodin , modelled busts for a number of notables in the United States establishment . His sitters included Mussolini , US President Harry S. Truman , and the actor Will Rogers . He sculpted a peace memorial for Greenwood , Wisconsin , from an artificial stone made using concrete and fine white sand . Unveiled in 1937 , it was restored in 1982 . In July 2016 BBC Television screened an episode of Fake or Fortune ? , in which a privately - held watercolour of a Cambodian dancer , supposedly by Rodin , was exposed as a Durig fake . The New York Museum of Modern Art holds a collection of his drawings . Others , previously thought to be by Rodin , are in the in Paris . Durig 's extensive career of forgery was first exposed in the 4 June 1965 issue of LIFE .

El Escorial is a municipality in the Autonomous Community of Madrid , located 45   km ( 28   mi ) northwest of the Spanish capital Madrid . It belongs to the comarca of Cuenca del Guadarrama . Its population in 2009 was 14,979 . The territory of El Escorial is home to the park of La Granjilla de la Fresneda . The famous Royal Seat of San Lorenzo de El Escorial also known as Monasterio de El Escorial or El Escorial , is located in the adjacent municipality of San Lorenzo de El Escorial . On the outskirts of San Lorenzo de El Escorial is the national memorial Valle de los Caídos ( Valley of the Fallen ) . The name of the town derives from slag ( escoria ) deposits from an old local foundry .

The Pylon Assemblage is an accreted terrane of igneous rocks in southwestern British Columbia , Canada , located about north of Vancouver . It is named after Pylon Peak , a summit of the Mount Meager massif . Two units make up the Pylon Assemblage , although the youngest unit comprises nearly 100 % of the assemblage . On the southern flank of Pylon Peak , the oldest unit consists of andesitic lava flows . It locally overlies The Devastator Assemblage and older basal breccia . Porphyritic plagioclase andesite of the youngest unit underlies much of the southern and western portions of Meager . Devastator Peak , a volcanic plug at the southern end of the Meager massif , was the source for these lava flows between 1,000,000   and 500,000   years ago . The Pylon Assemblage represents the largest geological formation comprising Meager .

Ramon Magsaysay Technological University , commonly referred to as RMTU is a state university . The Ramon Magsaysay Technological University is a government funded higher education institution in Zambales established in 1910 . The main campus of the university is located in the Municipality of Iba , Province of Zambales . The university is named after the province 's greatest son and former President of the Republic of the Philippines , President Ramon Magsaysay . It has also satellite campuses in the municipalities of Sta . Cruz , Candelaria , Masinloc , Botolan , San Marcelino , Castillejos all in the province of Zambales . The university also offers nursing courses at the Mondriaan Aura College in Subic Bay Freeport Zone , Business Administration at the Wesleyan College of Manila under a consortium program .

Maurice Schoemaker ( Anderlecht , 27 December 1890 – Etterbeek , 24 August 1964 ) was a Belgian composer . Certain works by his hand bear the peusonym Wil Saer . Maurice Schoemaker started his career as a self - taught composer , but subsequently went to study with Theo Ysaye ( harmony ) , Michel Brusselmans ( counterpoint ) , Martin Lunssens ( fugue ) , and Paul Gilson ( orchestration and composition ) . Schoemaker also directed the orchestra of the Antwerp Zoo from 1925 , and had a prominent position at SABAM . On the occasion of Gilson ’s 60th birthday , Schoemaker founded Les Synthétistes , a group of progressive Belgian composers consisting of Gilson 's former pupils . His fellow members were René Bernier , Francis de Bourguignon , Gaston Brenta , Théo De Joncker , Robert Otlet , Marcel Poot , and Jules Strens . Schoemaker mainly wrote tonal music with a preference for classical forms and romantic lyricism . He has gathered a varied list of works containing symphonic pieces , songs , operas , piano pieces , chamber music , sacred music , choral music , and radio plays . His most famous piece is Vuurwerk ( also known as Feu d’Artifice or Fireworks ) ( 1922 ) , which is a symphonic poem .

Fort Sumter is a sea fort in Charleston , South Carolina , notable for two battles of the American Civil War . It was one of a number of special forts planned after the War of 1812 , combining high walls and heavy masonry , and classified as Third System , as a grade of structural integrity . Work started in 1829 , but was incomplete by 1860 , when South Carolina seceded from the Union . The First Battle of Fort Sumter began on April 12 , 1861 , when Confederate artillery fired on the Union garrison . These were the first shots of the war and continued all day , watched by many civilians in a celebratory spirit . The fort had been cut off from its supply line and surrendered the next day . The Second Battle of Fort Sumter ( September 8 , 1863 ) was a failed attempt by the Union to retake the fort , dogged by a rivalry between army and navy commanders . Although the fort was reduced to rubble , it remained in Confederate hands until it was evacuated as General Sherman marched through South Carolina in February 1865 . Fort Sumter is open for public tours as part of the Fort Sumter National Monument operated by the National Park Service .

Allan Octavian Hume , CB ICS ( 6 June 1829 – 31 July 1912 ) was a member of the Imperial Civil Service ( later the Indian Civil Service ) , a political reformer , ornithologist and botanist who worked in British India . He was one of the founders of the Indian National Congress , a political party that was later to lead in the Indian independence movement . A notable ornithologist , Hume has been called " the Father of Indian Ornithology " and , by those who found him dogmatic , " the Pope of Indian ornithology " . As an administrator of Etawah , he saw the Indian Rebellion of 1857 as a result of misgovernance and made great efforts to improve the lives of the common people . The district of Etawah was among the first to be returned to normality and over the next few years Hume 's reforms led to the district being considered a model of development . Hume rose in the ranks of the Indian Civil Service but like his father Joseph Hume , the radical MP , he was bold and outspoken in questioning British policies in India . He rose in 1871 to the position of secretary to the Department of Revenue , Agriculture , and Commerce under Lord Mayo . His criticism of Lord Lytton however led to his removal from the Secretariat in 1879 . He founded the journal Stray Feathers in which he and his subscribers recorded notes on birds from across India . He built up a vast collection of bird specimens at his home in Shimla by making collection expeditions and obtaining specimens through his network of correspondents . Following the loss of manuscripts that he had long been maintaining in the hope of producing a magnum opus on the birds of India , he abandoned ornithology and gave his collection to the Natural History Museum in London , where it continues to be the single largest collection of Indian bird skins . He was briefly a follower of the theosophical movement founded by Madame Blavatsky . He left India in 1894 to live in London from where he continued to take an interest in the Indian National Congress , apart from taking an interest in botany and founding the South London Botanical Institute towards the end of his life .

I Love Mama « stylized as " I LOVE mama " » was a gyaru fashion and lifestyle magazine published monthly in Japan by Inforest Publishing . Originally named " Mama Nuts × Ageha " , I Love Mama was established as a special edition of two gyaru magazines , the hostess - targeted Koakuma Ageha magazine and dark - skin obsessed Happie Nuts magazine . I Love Mama was considered a unique magazine , as it was a magazine especially for " gyaru - mama " females [ gyaru females who have children ] , consisting of the likes of housekeeping tips , parenting tips , and fashion tips . Described as a " mega - hit " magazine , it has been the highest - selling gyaru - mama magazine ever since its launch in 2008 . There was some Western interest in the magazine , and it could be purchased from Amazon and eBay .

Solid Rock is a 1972 album by The Temptations for the Gordy ( Motown ) label , produced by Norman Whitfield . The LP was the first made primarily without founding members and original lead singers Eddie Kendricks and Paul Williams . Frustrated by conflicts and fights with Temptations Otis Williams and Melvin Franklin , and producer Whitfield 's steadfast insistence on producing psychedelic soul for the group when they really wanted to sing ballads , Kendricks had quit the act and negotiated a solo deal with Motown 's Tamla label . Paul Williams , on the other hand , had fallen ill due to complications from sickle - cell disease and six years of untreated alcoholism . Physically incapable of performing any longer , Williams followed his doctor 's advice and retired from the act , although he remained on the Temptations ' payroll as a choreographer until committing suicide on August 17 , 1973 . Williams 's final Temptations recording , " It 's Summer " , is the only song on Solid Rock that includes his vocals .

ToothPick.com is an online dental appointment booking service for UK users to find , compare and book local dentists . The site lets users search for their nearest dental practices , compare prices and services and book appointments online . The service is free to use for consumers . Both NHS and private practice dentists are listed on the site . Toothpick launched a limited , London - based Beta version in November 2012 and will then be rolled out nationwide in early 2013 . The company was founded in late 2011 by a practicing dentist , Sandeep Senghera , and Jozef Wallis , a technology entrepreneur . ToothPick has been developed in partnership with Henry Schein . The product is integrated with the company ’s dental appointment scheduling software , which is in use by thousands of dentists across the UK . The company is backed by UK angel investors including Passion Capital , Pradeep Menon , Paul Edwards , Satish Jayakumar and Michael Stephanblome . The company was acquired by WhatClinic , a healthcare comparison site , on November 9 , 2015 .

In the Hindu epic Mahabharata , Uttarā or Anglicized as Uttaraa ( उत्तरा ) was daughter of King Virata , at whose court the Pandavas spent a year in concealment during their exile . She was sister of Prince Uttar . It is also believed that Uttaraa had learnt dance from Arjuna during the Pandavas ' year of exile - in the Matsya Kingdom . Living incognito , as was the term of the banishment , Arjuna lived a life of a eunuch and practiced his art of dance learnt from the apsaras in heaven . Once King Virata realized who Uttaraa 's dance teacher was , he immediately proposed to offer his daughter to Arjuna . However , Arjuna explained to King Virata the doting relationship that a teacher has with his / her student is like that of a parent and child . He then proposed to make Uttaraa his daughter by marrying her to his son , Abhimanyu . Uttaraa was widowed at a very young age when Abhimanyu was killed in the Kurukshetra war . When Abhimanyu died , Uttaraa tried to burn herself on the pyre of Abhimanyu , but Krishna stopped her from doing so , informing her of her pregnancy . Towards the end of the Mahabharata war , with Uttaraa in labor , Ashwathama , son of Dronacharya , while trying to avenge the defeat of Duryodhana and the Kaurava army , engaged in a war with Arjuna . Knowing he could not best Arjuna conventionally , Ashathama invoked the potent Brahmastra , despite the promise he had made to the father / teacher that he would never use such a weapon . When Arjuna fired a Brahmastra to match , Vyasa intervened , commanding both warriors to withdraw their weapons . While Arjuna successfully did so , Ashwatthama did not possess the required knowledge . Krishna suggested that Ashwatthama redirect the weapon to an uninhabited place . Regretful , tired , but still vengeful , Ashwathama decided that if he could not end the Pandavas , he would end their lineage . He fired the weapon at Uttaraa 's womb , attacking the fœtus form of Parikshit . Krishna intervened and revived the stillborn baby , giving Parikshit his name . As a punishment , Ashwathama was made to lose his source of power , the jewel that adorned his shining forehead . This loss of the jewel that adorned his forehead made Ashwathama lose his state of mental alertness and he was forced to retire to obscurity as a derelict in the forests . Parikshit became heir to the Kuru dynasty and eventually became king of Hastinapur . In due time , Parikshit gave Uttaraa a grandson , Janamejaya .

The Lodi Public Schools are a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in pre - kindergarten through twelfth grade from Lodi , in Bergen County , New Jersey , United States . As of the 2014 - 15 school year , the district and its seven schools had an enrollment of 3,486 students and 234.5 classroom teachers ( on an FTE basis ) , for a student – teacher ratio of 14.9:1 . The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group " B " , the second - lowest of eight groupings . District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts . From lowest socioeconomic status to highest , the categories are A , B , CD , DE , FG , GH , I and J.

False Cape Natural Area Preserve is a Natural Area Preserve located in Virginia Beach , Virginia , just north of the state border with North Carolina . The preserve covers a strip of largely undeveloped land located on False Cape between the Atlantic Ocean and Back Bay , and is one of the most undisturbed areas of coastal habitat remaining in the Mid - Atlantic . The preserve protects a variety of wetland and upland habitats , including maritime and swamp forest , interdunal wetlands , and Back Bay marshes . It also hosts various plants and animals rare in Virginia , more than two dozen in all ; many of these are southern species at the northern limit of their range in far southern Virginia . Many birds also come to the area during the fall and spring migrations . The preserve is owned and maintained by the Virginia Department of Conservation and Recreation as part of False Cape State Park , and comprises the undeveloped portions of the park ; these were dedicated as a Natural Area Preserve in 2002 . The preserve , like the remainder of False Cape State Park , is not publicly accessible by vehicle . The nearest parking is approximately from the preserve , which can be accessed by hiking , boating , or via a seasonal shuttle . Visitors must travel through Back Bay National Wildlife Refuge , which assesses a separate access fee .

Rapid Penang ( styled as rapidPenang ) is a public bus brand in the State of Penang , Malaysia . Formed as a subsidiary of Prasarana Malaysia in 2007 , to date it is the main public transport operator within Penang ; its bus network serves commuters within Greater Penang , including the neighbouring towns in Kedah and Perak . Rapid Penang was the second public transportation firm established by Prasarana Malaysia , a corporate body owned by the Malaysian federal government to manage urban public transportation . The first was Rapid KL in 2004 , which now encompasses public bus , LRT and monorail services within Kuala Lumpur and the greater Klang Valley . Thus , similar to Rapid KL , Rapid Penang 's bus fleet is under the management of Rapid Bus Sdn Bhd .

Alexis - Emmanuel Chabrier (; 18 January 184113 September 1894 ) was a Romantic composer and pianist , born in Ambert , central France . His bourgeois family did not approve of a musical career for him , and his studies at law school in Paris to the age of thirty - nine he worked as a civil servant , while immersing himself in the modernist artistic life of the French capital , and composing in his spare time . From 1880 until his final illness he was a full - time composer . Although known primarily for two of his orchestral works , España and Joyeuse marche , Chabrier left a corpus of operas ( including L'étoile ) , songs , and piano music , but no symphonies , concertos , quartets , sonatas , or religious or liturgical music . His lack of academic training left him free to create his own musical language , unaffected by established rules , and he was regarded by many later composers as an important innovator . He was admired by , and influenced , composers as diverse as Debussy , Ravel , Richard Strauss , Satie , Stravinsky , and the group of composers known as Les six . Writing at a time when French musicians were generally proponents or opponents of the music of Wagner , Chabrier steered a middle course , sometimes incorporating Wagnerian traits into his music and at other times avoiding them . Chabrier was associated with some of the leading writers and painters of his time . Among his closest friends was the painter Édouard Manet , and Chabrier collected Impressionist paintings long before they became fashionable . A number of such paintings from his personal collection by artists known to him are now housed in some of the world 's leading art museums . He penned a large number of letters to friends and colleagues which offer an insight into his musical opinions and character . Chabrier died in Paris at the age of fifty - three from a neurological disease , probably caused by syphilis .

Tyrone is an unincorporated community located in Anderson County , Kentucky , United States . It is located east of Lawrenceburg along the Kentucky River . A distillery was opened circa 1868 and acquired by T.B. Ripy , who expanded the facility . The town is named after County Tyrone in Northern Ireland , where the Ripy family was from . The community was originally called Streamville , but was eventually renamed , sometime after the distillery was so named in 1883 . In 1905 , the sons of T.B. Ripy opened the Ripy Brothers Distillery . The population of the village reached 1,000 before Prohibition . The distillery closed , but was later re - opened and is now where Wild Turkey ( bourbon ) is manufactured . Its post office was opened in 1882 as Coke ( the name of the postmaster ) , was renamed Tyrone in 1893 , and is now closed .

Sarge is the nickname of : Paul Chambers ( footballer ) ( born 1982 ) , Australian rules footballer Norris Coleman ( born 1961 ) , American retired basketball player nicknamed " The Sarge " Sarge Ferris ( 1928 - 1989 ) , American poker player Gary Matthews ( born 1950 ) , former Major League Baseball player and coach , and current Phillies broadcaster Brad McCrimmon ( 1959 - 2011 ) , Canadian National Hockey League player and coach Orville Moody ( 1933 - 2008 ) , American golfer Charles Rangel ( born 1930 ) , American politician , lawyer and Korean War soldier Mitchell Sargent ( born 1979 ) , Australian former rugby league footballer Lewis Sargentich , professor at Harvard Law School Tony Schumacher ( drag racer ) ( born 1969 ) , American drag racer

Joel Mandelstam FRS ( 13 November 1919 – 20 December 2008 ) was a British microbiologist , a Professor , at the University of Oxford , and a Fellow of Linacre College , Oxford . He was a pioneer in using bacteria to study fundamental biological phenomena — such as development , differentiation , and the turnover of macromolecules — which had more usually been investigated in higher organisms . Born in Johannesburg , and educated at the Jeppe High School for Boys , his parents were Lithuanian Jews . He attended the University of the Witwatersrand , where he read for an honours BSc degree . After graduating in 1942 , he worked as a research assistant at the Medical school in Johannesburg . Amongst others , he taught Sydney Brenner there . He came to London in 1947 to work for a PhD under John Yudkin at King ’s College of Household and Social Science in London ( which became Queen Elizabeth College in 1953 ) . From 1966 until his retirement in 1987 he was Iveagh Professor of Chemical Microbiology at the University of Oxford , where he built up a highly successful research group studying spore formation in bacteria .

Fawkner railway station is located on the Upfield line in Victoria , Australia . It serves the northern Melbourne suburb of Hadfield , as well as neighbouring suburb Fawkner . The station opened on 8 October 1889 as Fawkner . It closed on 13 July 1903 , reopening on 12 December 1906 as Fawkner Cemetery , and resumed the Fawkner name in 1914 . It is located adjacent to the Fawkner Crematorium and Memorial Park , which opened in 1906 , and from then until 1939 , special mortuary trains ran . From October 1914 , only seven trains daily ran to Fawkner , as well as the daily mortuary train to the cemetery . A former mortuary van is located near the entrance to Platform 2 . Until 1959 , Fawkner was the extent of suburban electrified services , with an AEC railmotor used from 1928 until 1959 , to provide a connecting service north to Somerton . Until 1998 , the station had one platform ( present day Platform 2 ) . The second track and Platform 1 were added as part of the duplication of the line between Fawkner and Gowrie .

" Have You Ever Been in Love " is a song recorded by Canadian recording artist Celine Dion , included first on her seventh English studio album A New Day Has Come ( 2002 ) and later , on her eight English studio album One Heart ( 2003 ) . The song is a power ballad , written by Anders Bagge , Peer Åström , Tom Nichols , Daryl Hall and Laila Bagge , while production was handled by Bagge & Peer . " Have You Ever Been in Love " builds from a gentle , piano - laced opening into a theatrical , string - framed climax . The song received acclaim from music critics , while being reviewed in both albums . Many critics called it a classic - sounding ballad and one of the strongest cuts from the album . Critics also noted similarities between Dion and Barbra Streisand . " Have You Ever Been in Love " was released on 14 April 2003 , as One Heart 's second ( promotional only ) single in the United States and Canada , while on 3 November 2003 , it was released as the third commercial single in selected European countries . The song spent fourteen weeks at number 2 on the US Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks , setting a record for most weeks at the second position . The music video was shot between 29–30 April 2003 in Los Angeles and released on 2 June 2003 .

" Pilot " is the pilot episode of the American legal comedy - drama Suits , which premiered on USA Network in the United States on June 23 , 2011 . The episode was written by series creator Aaron Korsh and was directed by Kevin Bray . The series revolves around two lawyers who , between the two of them , have only one law degree . Harvey Specter ( Gabriel Macht ) is promoted to senior partner of the Pearson Hardman law firm . To his annoyance , company policy requires he hire a Harvard Law School graduate as his associate attorney . Meanwhile , college dropout Mike Ross ( Patrick J. Adams ) delivers a suitcase of marijuana for a friend , only to find that the drop is a sting operation . While escaping the police , he mistakenly sits for an interview with Harvey and impresses the attorney with his eidetic memory , encyclopedic knowledge of law , and drive to become a good lawyer . Despite Mike 's lack of a law degree , Harvey hires him . On Mike 's first day , Harvey must personally handle a pro bono case to keep his promotion . Instead , he has Mike take care of the suit , in which a woman claims her boss sexually harassed her . The series was originally written as a spec script for a half - hour drama set on Wall Street . Korsh later decided to change the premise because , unlike working on Wall Street , working as a lawyer requires several qualifications . The episode was watched by an estimated 4.64 million viewers and saw a double - digit growth over the January premiere of the network 's other legal drama Fairly Legal . However , critical reception was mixed . Some reviewers described the premise as absurd and preposterous and criticized the characters , most notably Harvey . Conversely , others lauded the characters ' interactions and the snappy dialogue and praised the series ' attempt to make the typical USA formula more grounded and edgy .

Thomas Acda ( born Amsterdam , 6 March 1967 ) is a Dutch singer , actor and comedian , known as former member of the duo Acda en De Munnik . Acda grew up in De Rijp and after graduating high school at havo level , Acda started the theater school , but soon switched to the Kleinkunstacademie in Amsterdam . There he met Paul de Munnik . They finished school in 1993 with a joint project for which they were awarded the Pisuisse - prize . After that they split up and went their own way . In 1995 , Acda en De Munnik came together to make a theater show with the name Zwerf'On . The show was a success , and they were asked to put the songs from the show on CD . From that moment on , Acda en the Munnik were involved in both music and theater . Acda was active on several projects . He was in the band Herman en Ik . He played in the television show In voor en tegenspoed . He was in the comedy redaction of the show Spijkers ( later : Kopspijkers ) . Together with comedians Raoul Heertje and Harm Edens he was member of the panel in Dit was het nieuws ( the Dutch version of Have I Got News for You ) for several seasons . From 1997 on he played in several films , All stars , The missing link and Lek . For the soundtrack of the movie All Stars , the song Als Het Vuur Gedoofd Is from Acda en de Munnik was used . The film was a success in the Netherlands , so the VARA decided to turn it into a series , in which Acda starred as goalkeeper Willem . Every episode started with the song " Groen als gras " from Acda en De Munnik .

Classics selected by Brian Wilson is a compilation of songs by The Beach Boys and released through Capitol Records in mid-2002 . It was compiled by Brian Wilson himself that February . It includes a new recording of an unreleased 1970s track , " California Feelin ' " not by The Beach Boys but Wilson and his live band . Brian wrote in the liner notes : Wilson 's choices tend to favor his ballads , from " Surfer Girl " and " The Warmth of the Sun " to his Pet Sounds and Smile material . Later song selections include " ' Til I Die " and " Sail On , Sailor " . Classics selected by Brian Wilson briefly made the US charts , reaching number 159 during a chart stay of 1 week .

Trees Lounge is a 1996 comedy - drama film and the debut of Steve Buscemi as writer and director . It was produced by Brad Wyman and Chris Hanley and features a large ensemble cast of actors , including Buscemi , Anthony LaPaglia , Chloë Sevigny , and Samuel L. Jackson . The film 's black humor , based on examination of characters ' self - destructive behavior , has been cited as an influence by The Sopranos creator David Chase , who later hired Buscemi to direct " Pine Barrens " and three other episodes of the show , and to star as Tony Soprano 's cousin Tony Blundetto during the show 's fifth season . It was filmed in Glendale , Queens ; Brooklyn ; and Valley Stream , New York .

Antennaria media is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family known by the common name Rocky Mountain pussytoes . It is native to western Canada and the Western United States from Alaska and Yukon Territory to California to New Mexico . It grows in cold Arctic and alpine regions , either at high latitudes in the Arctic or at high elevations in the mountains ( Rocky Mountains , Cascades , Sierra Nevada ) . Antennaria media is a perennial herb forming a matted patch of stolons and woolly basal leaves with inflorescences no more than about 13 centimeters tall . The inflorescences contain several flower heads . The species is dioecious , with male and female flowers on different plants . The fruit is an achene up to about 6 millimeters long , most of which is the long , soft pappus .

Charlotte Brontë ( , ; 21 April 1816   – 31 March 1855 ) was an English novelist and poet , the eldest of the three Brontë sisters who survived into adulthood and whose novels became classics of English literature . She enlisted in school at Roe Head in January 1831 , aged 14 years . She left the year after to teach her sisters , Emily and Anne , at home , returning in 1835 as a governess . In 1839 she undertook the role as governess for the Sidgwick family , but left after a few months to return to Haworth where the sisters opened a school , but failed to attract pupils . Instead they turned to writing and they each first published in 1846 under the pseudonyms of Currer , Ellis and Acton Bell . Her first novel The Professor was rejected by publishers , her second novel Jane Eyre was published in 1847 . The sisters admitted to their Bell pseudonyms in 1848 , and by the following year were celebrated in London literary circles . Brontë experienced the early deaths of all her siblings . She became pregnant shortly after her marriage in June 1854 but died on 31 March 1855 of tuberculosis or possibly typhus .

Eric " Butters " Stough ( born July 31 , 1972 ) is an American animator and producer . He is best known as the animation director and a producer on the television series South Park . Born in Evergreen , Colorado , Stough attended the University of Colorado at Boulder and graduated in 1995 with a degree in film . A longtime friend of Trey Parker , he has worked with him and Matt Stone on most of their projects , including South Park , , Orgazmo , and the Broadway musical The Book of Mormon . Stough has won five Primetime Emmy Awards for his work on South Park , as well as a Peabody Award . He was the inspiration for the character of Butters Stotch on South Park .

The Health Sciences Centre is the largest hospital in Winnipeg , Manitoba , and one of the largest in Canada . It serves the residents of Manitoba , Northwestern Ontario and Nunavut as both a teaching hospital and as a research centre . The Health Sciences Centre is a tertiary care hospital , encompassing many different specialty medical and surgical services . The University of Manitoba has its Faculties of Medicine , Pharmacy and Dentistry , as well as Physiotherapy , Respiratory Therapy and Occupational Therapy , located on the campus . The Health Sciences Centre employs around 6,000 people . A few other health related institutions are located adjacent to the hospital . The Cadham Provincial Laboratory is located next door to the hospital and is the main research and investigative arm of the government of Manitoba for infectious disease . The Canadian Blood Services main building is located across the street from the hospital . CancerCare Manitoba is also located adjacent to the hospital .

Chuan Ratanarak ( Thai : ชวน รัตนรักษ์ ) ( 1920 – 1993 ) was a self - made Thai businessman who built one of the largest and most powerful business empires in Thailand . Starting with nothing , Chuan was one of the legendary generation of Chinese merchants in Thailand to achieve success in one generation . By the time of his death in August 1993 , age 73 , Chuan was at the head of one of the three dominant business families in Thailand - the others being the Sophonpanich family and the Lamsam family - and the business group Chuan had created , the Ratanarak Group , included Thailand ’s most successful terrestrial broadcaster , a major retail banking and insurance group and the country ’s second largest cement producer . Comparing Thai and US entrepreneurs , Professor Krishnamra , head of the Sasin Business School at Thailand ’s Chulalongkorn University , has said “ given the size of the market and the stage of development , Chuan as an entrepreneur was comparable to the Vanderbilts or Rockefellers ” . Chuan is the father of Krit Ratanarak and the grandfather of Chachchon Ratanarak .

Pierre Jean " Buster " Martin ( 1 September 1906 ? – 12 April 2011 ) claimed to be the United Kingdom 's oldest employee , stating that he was born in 1906 . Until his death , Martin worked for Pimlico Plumbers , a well - known plumbing company in southeast London as a van cleaner , and notably refused to take a day off on the day he celebrated what he claimed was his 100th birthday . He also received coverage in the media for fending off an attack from a group of youths in 2007 ; his heroics were cited by the former Liberal Democrat leader Sir Menzies Campbell as " living proof of why people should not be written off once they pass retirement age " . Martin stated that he would not retire from working . Doubts have been raised about all of Martin 's historical claims , including his age , which may have in truth been 97 at the time of his death .

Bullet Train for Australia was an Australian political party , registered from 2013 to 2017 . It was a single - issue party campaigning for a fast implementation of high - speed rail . It advocates that the first stage of the bullet train should run from Melbourne to Newcastle via Canberra and Sydney , and be built within 5 years . The party grew out of the Bullet Train for Canberra party led by Tim Bohm , which at the 2012 ACT elections gained around 9,000 votes , representing 4 % of first preference votes . The party had 18 candidates in the 2013 federal election , in the ACT , NSW and Victoria . The party was involved in Glenn Druery 's Minor Party Alliance . The Bullet Train For Australia party fielded four candidates for seats in the House of Representatives in the ACT , NSW and Victoria in the 2016 federal election . On 23 May 2017 , the Australian Electoral Commission approved the party 's application for voluntary deregistration .

Cecilia & The Argonauts is a popular Nicaraguan rock band founded by Cecilia Ferrer ( lead vocals ) , Mattias Fjellström ( lead guitar ) , Janne Maninnen ( bass ) , Andreas Ekstedt ( drums ) and Jonathan Fritzén ( piano ) . Cecilia Ferrer was born in Stockholm , Sweden in 1982 and have a professional musical career in Nicaragua since 1996 when she became lead singer of the Nicaraguan rock group Osiris . Later on , her musical career evolved to other local groups such as Stop and Macolla . Cecilia Ferrer was awarded the Z Musical Award for Best Nicaraguan Performer in 1999 . While studying in the Royal Swedish Academy of Music in 2005 , Ferrer put together her band with fellow musicians from the University . The result is Cecilia & The Argonauts a Pop rock group with fusion of Latin American and European sounds . Recently , in July 2006 , the band had its first Nicaraguan tour ; the Navegando Tour 2006 with four touring dates in Managua , Nicaragua . The band has received a lot of attention of the local press during this tour and two of the singles featured on this tour made it to the local music charts . The Argonauts are currently working on their debut album . Cecilia is now working as a music teacher in Stockholm .

Geku railway ( 格库铁路 ) is a railway under construction to connect Golmud and Korla , in western China . Construction work started in November 2014 and is due to take five years . The length of the line is 1,214 kilometers , joining Qinghai province and Xinjiang province . The investment is estimated to be CN¥36 billion ( ~US$6 billion ) . The line will connect the existing Qinghai – Tibet railway and the Southern Xinjiang railway . It will be the third railway connecting Xinjiang province with another Chinese province and the third line to Golmud after the Qinghai – Tibet railway and the Golmud – Dunhuang railway which is also under construction . The railway will cross the Qaidam Basin , the Altyn - Tagh mountain range , and the Taklamakan Desert . Crossing the Altyn - Tagh will involve the construction of three tunnels , including the 13.195   km - long Altyn - Tagh Tunnel ( 阿尔金山隧道 ) . The railway will generally follow the route of Qinghai Provincial Highway 303 ( from Golmud to Mangya Lake 茫崖湖 ) , China National Highway 315 ( from Mangya Lake to Ruoqiang ) and China National Highway 315 ( from Ruoqiang to Korla ) .

Stranmillis ( ) is an area in south Belfast , Northern Ireland . It is also an electoral ward for Belfast City Council , part of the Laganbank district electoral area . As part of the Queen 's Quarter , it is the location for prominent attractions such as the Ulster Museum and Botanic Gardens . The area is located on Stranmillis Road , with Malone Road to the west and the River Lagan to the east . Stranmillis Road begins at the junction of University Road , Malone Road and College Gardens , heading uphill and southwards past Friar 's Bush Graveyard and a small shopping district , before descending towards the River Lagan . The route then swings to the west around the outside of Stranmillis College and uphill again , before rejoining the Malone Road . The north end of Stranmillis Road contains many shops and restaurants , while the south end of the road is mainly housing . The Malone and Stranmillis Historic Urban Landscape featured on the 2010 tentative list of sites proposed for addition to the List of World Heritage Sites of the United Kingdom , as an area of architectural interest featuring examples of the Arts and Crafts Movement .

Church Street is a main north - south running street in the city of Wollongong , New South Wales , Australia . It contains many of Wollongong 's well known and lesser known attractions and historic sites . To the north it runs from the northern high rise district west of the harbour through apartments and flats and then down Smith 's Hill , up Church Hill and down to the mall , see Wollongong Central . At the summit of Church Hill is the site of St Michael 's Anglican Pro - Cathedral . At the mall a portion runs for pedestrian only use ( though this is currently up for debate as to whether cars should be let back in limited amounts and times on Crown Street , the street running through the mall east - west ) and then turns back to traffic along a section of light density commerce and residence for just over a kilometre . For the first half of this there is a long car park within the street , used often by mall shoppers and people watching games at local WIN Stadium a few blocks to the east , due to no cost parking . On the west side of this section is MacCabe Park ( often mis - spelt McCabe ) , a local park with a playground and youth centre . South of this the street goes through residential areas to the immediate southern suburb of where it ends at J.J. Kelly Park , a local sporting venue , also used on occasion by circuses for tent sites .

Louis - Joseph Janvier ( May 7 , 1855 - 24 March 1911 ) was a Haitian journalist , diplomat and novelist . Born in Port - au - Prince , Janvier attended medical school in Haiti . He then moved to France to finish his education , and received a doctorate in medicine there in 1881 . He also earned a law license and degrees in administration , economics , finance , and diplomacy . While in Paris , Janvier became interested in journalism and wrote several articles , such as " La République d'Haïti et ses Visiteurs " , " Haïti aux Haïtiens " , and " L'Egalité des Races . " He also wrote several novels about Haitian life . He served as Haitian Minister Resident in London from 1894 - 1903 . He remained in Europe for twenty - eight years , returning to Haiti once before dying in Paris at age fifty - five .

Mount Cardigan is a prominent bare - rock summit in the towns of Orange and Alexandria in western New Hampshire , USA . While its peak is only above sea level , it has extensive areas of bare granite ledges and alpine scrub , giving it the feel to hikers of a much higher mountain . Most of the summit area was denuded by devastating forest fires in 1855 . The Civilian Conservation Corps helped to develop the alpine ski trail network still in use today on the east side of the mountain . The mountain is set in the Cardigan Mountain State Park . The Cardigan Lodge , operated by the Appalachian Mountain Club since 1934 , is located to the east at the foot of the mountain , and is often used as a base for day hikes in and around the mountain . Many schools from around New England have overnight field trips to the mountain during the autumn and spring months .. The mountain is also a popular destination for Boy Scout troops .

Paul Chaudet ( 17 November 1904 , Rivaz – 7 August 1977 ) was a Swiss politician . He was elected to the Swiss Federal Council on 16 December 1954 and handed over office on 31 December 1966 . He resigned on 28 November 1966 due to the Mirage - affair . He was affiliated to the Radical Party . During his office time he held the Military Department . He was President of the Confederation twice in 1959 and 1962 . Owing to incompetent military advisors concerning the purchase of 100 Mirage fighter jets with a budget which increased by 66 % he was forced to resign in 1966 , by his own Radical Party . With Jean - Pascal Delamuraz , he was probably one of the last true Swiss Radicals . He remained , throughout his life , one of the rare right wing Swiss politicians who was able to identify with both wine - growers and farmers . The Radical Party has now fused with the right - wing Liberals .

The Michener Award is one of the highest distinctions in Canadian journalism . The award was founded in 1970 by Roland Michener , who was Governor General of Canada at the time , and his wife Norah . The idea for the award was developed in 1969 with Bill MacPherson , then president of the National Press Club and managing editor of the Ottawa Citizen , who remained a secretary of the committee administering the award until his death . Since 1970 , the Michener Award has been presented yearly by the Governor General at Rideau Hall to a Canadian news organization " whose entry is judged to have made a significant impact on public policy or on the lives of Canadians " . Although the award is presented to media organizations rather than individual journalists , five individuals of the nominated finalists are invited to the award ceremony so that their contributions can also be acknowledged . Since 1987 , the Michener Foundation also awards annually the Michener - Deacon Fellowship , which provides financial support to a journalist wishing to complete a project that serves the Canadian public interest . The fellowship is named in honor of Roland Michener and late journalist Paul Deacon .

Frank Stone ( 22 August 1800 – 18 November 1859 ) was an English painter . He was born in Manchester , and was entirely self - taught . He was elected an Associate of the Society of Painters in Water Colours in 1833 and Member in 1843 ; and an Associate of the Royal Academy in 1851 . The works he first exhibited at the Academy were portraits , but from 1840 onwards he contributed figure pictures , scenes from Shakespeare , scripture and sentimental subjects , many of which were engraved . In 1850 he led the opposition within the Academy to the innovations of the Pre - Raphaelite Brotherhood , having already criticised their work in the previous year . When Dante Gabriel Rossetti wrote a very critical review of Stone 's work in return , Stone launched an outright assault on Pre - Raphaelitism , initiating the controversy that engulfed the movement . Leading Pre - Raphaelite William Holman Hunt later depicted a print of one of Stone 's works in the background of his painting The Awakening Conscience . It has been suggested that this was intended as an insult , since the furniture of the room was supposed to represent the bad taste of the characters depicted . According to William Powell Frith , Stone was a loyal friend , but very argumentative , " No fair - weather friend was he , but true as steel when friendly countenance might be sorely needed . Still , I confess there were drawbacks to the enjoyment of Stone 's society . It was enough for anyone to advance an opinion for Stone to differ from it . " He was the father of the painter Marcus Stone who illustrated many works by Charles Dickens ( the Stones were Dickens ' neighbours for many years ) and himself produced a frontispiece for an edition of Martin Chuzzlewit . He also had a daughter , Ellen Stone .

John Gregory Myre is an American journalist and NPR 's digital editor for international news . Previously , he was a foreign correspondent for The Associated Press and The New York Times for 20 years . He reported from Jerusalem from 2003 to 2007 for The New York Times . With the AP , Myre was based in Jerusalem , Moscow , Nicosia , Islamabad and Johannesburg . He covered many major international stories , including Nelson Mandela 's release from prison in 1990 , the Gulf War of 1991 , the rise of the Taliban , the early days of Vladimir Putin as Russia 's leader , the Israeli - Palestinian fighting that erupted in 2000 and the U.S. war in Afghanistan . He is also a scholar at the Middle East Institute in Washington .

Supernoobs is a Canadian flash animated series produced by DHX Media for Cartoon Network and Teletoon . The series is about four kids who navigate through middle school and fight evil assassins at the same time . It first premiered on Cartoon Network in the United Kingdom and Ireland on November 2 , 2015 . Supernoobs was created by Scott Fellows , who also created Johnny Test , Ned 's Declassified School Survival Guide , Big Time Rush , and 100 Things to Do Before High School . On January 11 , 2018 , DHX announced that the second season will air on its Family Channel instead of Teletoon . The second season has been picked up by Cartoon Network across Europe , the Middle East and Africa , and by Hulu in the United States .

Lucius Caesar ( Latin : Lucius Julius Caesar ; 17 BC – 20 August AD 2 ) was the grandson of Augustus . The son of Marcus Vipsanius Agrippa and Julia the Elder , Augustus ' only daughter , Lucius was adopted by his grandfather along with his older brother , Gaius Caesar . As the emperor 's adopted sons and joint - heirs to the Roman Empire , Lucius and Gaius had promising political and military careers . However , Lucius died of a sudden illness on 20 August AD 2 , in Massilia , Gaul , while traveling to meet the Roman army in Hispania . His brother Gaius also died at a relatively young age on 21 February , AD 4 . The untimely loss of both heirs compelled Augustus to redraw the line of succession by adopting Lucius ' younger brother , Agrippa Postumus as well as his stepson , Tiberius on 26 June AD 4 .

Nintendo Land features twelve different minigames , each based on an existing Nintendo game franchise such as Mario and The Legend of Zelda , depicted as attractions in the eponymous fictional amusement park . The minigames are designed to demonstrate the concept of Wii U and its Wii U GamePad controller to new players , in the same way the 2006 game Wii Sports demonstrated the Wii and its Wii Remote , utilizing many of the controller 's features , including its touchscreen controls and motion - sensing capabilities . Some minigames incorporate the Wii Remote Plus and Nunchuk controllers for alternate control schemes and multiplayer support , which also helps exhibit " asymmetric gameplay " , a concept in which certain players have different experiences based on the controller they use . Nintendo Land was mostly liked by critics , and sold 5.19 million copies as of December 2017 , making it the fifth highest - selling Wii U game . The ability to download the game was removed from the Nintendo eShop in North America on November 10 , 2013 , then returned for download on August 26 , 2016 .

Ralf Scheepers ( born 5 February 1965 ) is the vocalist for German heavy metal band Primal Fear . He has a relatively high - pitched tenor - esque singing voice and sometimes uses a shriek reminiscent of Judas Priest 's Rob Halford , although it is his baritone lows which give him a near four - octave range in the modal register . He has also sung in Gamma Ray and Tyran ' Pace . Scheepers has also done guest vocals for the bands Scanner , Therion , Ayreon , and Shadow Gallery , and worked with Tom Galley on Phenomena 's Blind Faith album . He currently provides instruction for all around singing , music , studio and recording / processing techniques at RS Vocal Works in Baltmannsweiler , Germany .

Noah Noble ( January 15 , 1794 – February 8 , 1844 ) was the fifth Governor of the U.S. state of Indiana from 1831 to 1837 . His two terms focused largely on internal improvements , culminating in the passage of the Mammoth Internal Improvement Act , which was viewed at the time as his crowning achievement . His taxing recommendations to pay for the improvements were not fully enacted , and the project ultimately led the state to negotiate a partial bankruptcy only a few years later . The debacle led to a gradual collapse of the state Whig party , which never regained control of the government , and led to a period of Democratic control that lasted until the middle of the American Civil War . After his term as governor he was appointed to the Board of Internal Improvement where he unsuccessfully advocated a reorganization of the projects in an attempt to gain some benefit from them .

Senieji Trakai Castle was a castle in Senieji Trakai ( literally : Old Trakai ) , Lithuania . The first enclosure - type brick castle was built by Grand Duke Gediminas , who transferred the capital of Lithuania from Kernavė to Trakai ( today 's Senieji Trakai ) before 1321 . The wedding of Grand Duke Kęstutis and Birutė was held there and it was the birthplace of the Grand Duke Vytautas in 1350 . The castle in Senieji Trakai was destroyed by the Teutonic Order in 1391 , subsequently abandoned and never rebuilt as a new castle had been erected in Trakai by Kęstutis . The ruins of the castle were granted to Benedictian monks by Vytautas in 1405 . It is presumed that the present monastery building , dating from the 15th century , holds the remains of Gediminas ' castle . Archaeological research on the hillfort mound was carried out in 1996 – 1997 . The findings confirmed the existence of a former rectangular masonry castle wall , which had surrounded the hill . It is supposed that the residential buildings had occupied the area near the church and the churchyard .

" Dragonstone " is the first episode of the seventh season of HBO 's fantasy television series Game of Thrones , and the 61st overall . It was written by series co - creators David Benioff and D. B. Weiss , and directed by Jeremy Podeswa . The episode 's main plot focuses on Daenerys Targaryen 's long - awaited homecoming to Dragonstone with her vast forces , and Cersei and Jaime Lannister treating with Euron Greyjoy for an alliance after the demise of House Frey . " Dragonstone " received positive reviews from critics , who considered Arya 's revenge on House Frey , Sandor Clegane 's atonement for his old life , and Daenerys 's dramatic homecoming to Dragonstone as highlights of the episode . However , a cameo appearance by singer Ed Sheeran received some criticism . In the United States , the episode achieved a viewership of 10.11 million in its initial broadcast . This episode marks the final appearance for David Bradley .

The Runnemede Public School District is a community public school district that serves students in pre - kindergarten through eighth grade from Runnemede , in Camden County , New Jersey , United States . As of the 2014 - 15 school year , the district and its three schools had an enrollment of 1,200 students and 69.6 classroom teachers ( on an FTE basis ) , for a student – teacher ratio of 17.2:1 . The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group " B " , the second - lowest of eight groupings . District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts . From lowest socioeconomic status to highest , the categories are A , B , CD , DE , FG , GH , I and J. For ninth through twelfth grades , public school students attend Triton Regional High School , which also serves students from Bellmawr Borough and Gloucester Township , as one of three high schools that are part of the Black Horse Pike Regional School District . As of the 2014 - 15 school year , the high school had an enrollment of 1,230 students and 90.0 classroom teachers ( on an FTE basis ) , for a student – teacher ratio of 13.7:1 . The two other schools in the district are Highland Regional High School and Timber Creek Regional High School , which serve students from Gloucester Township , based on their address .

Jak II ( known as Jak II : Renegade in Australia , New Zealand , Europe , and Africa ) is an open world platform third - person shooter action - adventure video game developed by Naughty Dog and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation 2 . It is the second game of the Jak and Daxter series and is the sequel to . It was followed by Jak 3 a year later . The game features new weapons and devices , new playable areas , and a storyline that picks up after the events of The Precursor Legacy . The player takes on the dual role of recurring protagonists Jak and Daxter . Jak II received critical acclaim upon release . Critics applauded the game for being very polished in nearly every department , with many agreeing it was one of the best PlayStation 2 games released at the time . Some criticisms were directed at the checkpoint systems .

Ashley Mote ( born 25 January 1936 ) is a former Member of the European Parliament ( MEP ) for South East England from 2004 to 2009 . Elected representing the UK Independence Party , he became a non - inscrit one month into his term after UKIP withdrew the whip from him due to investigation into his expenses . A vociferous critic of fraud in the European Institutions , he himself was convicted of benefit fraud in 2007 for which he served a nine - month prison sentence and was described by the trial judge as " a truly dishonest man " . The scandal ignited a debate as to how an MEP could receive a prison sentence , yet keep his seat in the European Parliament ; there are moves afoot to review the legislation . In 2015 , Mote was jailed for a further five years for fraudulently claiming nearly £ 500,000 in European Parliament expenses .

Miranda Otto ( born 16 December 1967 ) is an Australian actress . Otto is a daughter of actors Barry and Lindsay Otto , and half - sister of actress Gracie Otto . She began her acting career at age 18 in 1986 , and has appeared in a variety of independent and major studio films . Otto made her major film debut in Emma 's War , in which she played a teenager who moves to Australia 's bush country during World War II . After a decade of critically acclaimed roles in Australian films , Otto gained Hollywood 's attention during the 1990s after appearing in supporting roles in the films The Thin Red Line and What Lies Beneath . She played Éowyn in the and installments of Peter Jackson 's The Lord of the Rings film series . She stars as Zelda Spellman in the Netflix series Chilling Adventures of Sabrina .

Christa Cowrie ( born 1949 ) is a German - Mexican photographer , who began her career in photojournalism but is best known for her work documenting Mexico ’s dance the theater events . Cowrie arrived in Mexico in 1963 and began her career in 1975 with the Excélsior newspaper . In 1977 , she was one of the founders of the Unomásuno newspaper , also working to found one its supplements , focusing on ecological journalism . Her work began to shift towards photography dance and theater in the mid 1990s working with the Centro Nacional de las Artes . The archive she has created with this institution is one of the most important in Mexico documenting dance and theater . Her work has been recognized with membership in the Salón de la Plástica Mexicana .

Valkeala is a former municipality of Finland . It is located in the province of Southern Finland , and is a neighborgood of city of Kouvola , and it was a part of the Kymenlaakso region . The municipality had a population of 11,238 ( 2003 ) and covered an area of 1,004.40   km² of which 143.47   km² was water . The population density was 13.1 inhabitants per km² . In the Valkeala region there is the lake Vekaranjärvi near which the Karelia Brigade is located . Valkeala is famous for Repovesi National Park . The municipality was unilingually Finnish . As of 2009 , the six municipalities – Kouvola , Kuusankoski , Elimäki , Anjalankoski , Valkeala and Jaala – were consolidated , accounting for the new municipality of Kouvola with a population of over 80,000 , being the 10th largest city in Finland .

Manol Manolov ( ) ( 4 August 1925 – 16 December 2008 ) was a Bulgarian football defender and manager . He was born in Sofia . Manolov featured in 57 games for the Bulgaria national football team and won a bronze medal at the 1956 Summer Olympics . Between 1948 and 1962 he played in 239 matches and scored 8 goals for CSKA Sofia . He was honoured as Bulgarian Footballer of the Year in 1958 . Manolov won the top Bulgarian league , the A PFG , a record twelve times ( all with CSKA ) , as well as the Bulgarian Cup , four times ( all with CSKA ) . He coached Beroe , CSKA Sofia , Hebar Pazardzhik , Ethnikos Piraeus , Apollon Athens , Slavia and Panserraikos .

" Swiss Lady " was the Swiss entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1977 , performed in German by Pepe Lienhard Band . It remains the only Swiss entry to have reached no . 1 on the official Swiss Single Chart . The song is about a man from the mountains who plays the alphorn and considers this instrument his " Swiss Lady " . The song was performed twelfth on the night , following Israel 's Ilanit with " Ahava Hi Shir Lishnayim " and preceding Sweden 's Forbes with " Beatles " . At the close of voting , it had received 71 points , placing 6th in a field of 18 . It was succeeded as Swiss representative at the 1978 Contest by Carole Vinci with " Vivre " .

Sixto Paz Wells ( Lima , Peru , December 12 1955 ) is an author and lecturer focused on the UFO phenomena , particularly alien contact , from a spiritual viewpoint . Known as the visible head of the Rahma Mission in Spain and a number of Latin American countries , stands out among the ufologists for having summoned the international press to sightings scheduled in advance in more than ten occasions . As a self proclaimed contactee , he has published 20 books in Spanish and one in English about this subject so far ( July 2017 ) . In his works about UFOlogy he promotes a systematic method of physical and mental preparation for contact , as well as protocols for documenting , validating and confirming contact experiences .

Petre Grosu ( born 27 November 1955 ) is a Romanian former professional footballer who played as a midfielder or as a forward . He started his professional career at Sportul Studențesc , but he would have known full glory at Bihor Oradea being the top scorer of the team in the 1981–82 Divizia B season , also succeeding in promoting with Bihor Oradea . The best performance would come at the end of the 1982 – 83 Divizia A season when Grosu has become the top scorer of the Divizia A , the first and the last in the history of FC Bihor . With this performance , he secured a place in the Bihor Oradea hall of fame and a well - established place in the memory of supporters .

The Lycée Hoche is a public secondary school located in Versailles , not very far away from the famous Palace of Versailles . Formerly , it had been a nunnery founded by French queen Marie Leszczyńska . However , after the French Revolution , it became a school in 1803 . In 1888 , the school was named " Lycée Hoche " after the French general Lazare Hoche who was born in Versailles . Together with Lycée Henri - IV , Lycée Louis - le - Grand , Lycée Stanislas and Lycée Sainte - Geneviève , the Lycée Hoche is one of the most prestigious schools in France for undergraduate education . Each year , scores of students coming from its preparatory classes are admitted to France 's most renowned graduate schools , such as the École Polytechnique , the École Normale Supérieure , HEC Paris and ESSEC Business School . The 200 years history of this school can be found in the recent book ( June 2010 ) written by the French teacher Marie - Louise Mercier - Jouve : " Le lycee Hoche de Versailles , deux cents ans d'histoire " edited by Patrice Dupuy 's editions , Paris .

" Look Out Sunshine ! " is a song by Scottish rock band The Fratellis from their second album Here We Stand . The song is the second single release from the album after " Mistress Mabel " . The single was released on 18 August 2008 and peaked within the UK Singles Chart top 100 at number 70 , marking the band 's seventh single to appear in the UK top 75 , but it fell off the chart the next week . On the Scottish Singles and Albums Chart , " Look Out Sunshine ! " became the band 's first ( and to date only ) number - one single and sixth top 10 hit , spending seven weeks in the top 100 . The money raised from the album went to the Teenage Cancer Trust to help build a new unit in Glasgow . The B - Side called " The Good Life " is bassist Barry Fratelli 's first published song . The music video was uploaded to YouTube by Island Records on 22 July .

Lukyamuzi Bashir ( or Badi)(born 7 December 1986 ) is a Ugandan music director , film director and producer . He directed Blu*3 's video Where you are featuring Goodlyfe Crew , Iryn Namubiru ’s Bona Obasinga , and Vumilia by Chameleone . He also directed Goodlyfe Crew 's music videos Talk n Talk , This is how we do it . He is popularly know to work with friend and artist A Pass . Bashir is the Channel O Ugandan representative and the director of photography for the South Africa - based music TV channel and has worked on Off the Record , Introducing Keko and Lifestyle Uganda for the channel . He directed his debut film Bala Bala Sese written by Usama Mukwaya and featuring Ashraf Ssemwogerere .

Washington , D.C. , during the American Civil War was the nerve - centre of the Union war effort , which rapidly turned it from a small city into a major capital with a full civic infrastructure and strong defences . The shock of Union defeat at First Bull Run , with demoralised troops wandering the streets of the capital , caused President Lincoln to order extensive fortifications and a large garrison . This required an influx of troops , military suppliers and building contractors , which would set up a new demand for accommodation , including military hospitals . The abolition of slavery in D.C. in 1862 also attracted many freedmen to the city . Except for one attempted invasion by Confederate cavalry leader Jubal Early in 1864 , the capital remained impregnable . When Lincoln was assassinated in Ford ’s Theater in April 1865 , thousands flocked into Washington to view the coffin , further raising the profile of the city . The new president Andrew Johnson wanted to dispel the funereal atmosphere , and organised a programme of victory parades which revived public hopes for the future .

Blokland is a hamlet in the Dutch province of South Holland . It is a part of the municipality of Liemeer , and lies about 12   km northeast of Alphen aan den Rijn . The area Blokland , in which the hamlet is located , used to be part of Uithoorn , but became part of Mijdrecht in 1811 . The eastern half of the area , Polder Blokland , still is part of the municipality of De Ronde Venen in the province of Utrecht ( which includes Mijdrecht ) ; the western half of the area , part of Polder Zevenhoven , is part of Liemeer in the province South Holland . Confusingly , the hamlet itself lies in Polder Zevenhoven ; the houses in Polder Blokland are part of the hamlets Kromme Mijdrecht and De Hoef .

Headquarters Marine Corps ( HQMC ) is a headquarters staff within the Department of the Navy which includes the offices of the Commandant of the Marine Corps , the Assistant Commandant of the Marine Corps and various staff functions . The function , composition , and general duties of HQMC are defined in Title 10 of the United States Code , Subtitle C , Part I , Chapter 506 ( Headquarters , Marine Corps ) . HQMC " consists of the Commandant of the Marine Corps and those staff agencies that advise and assist him in discharging his responsibilities prescribed by law and higher authority . The Commandant is directly responsible to the Secretary of the Navy for the total performance of the Marine Corps . This includes the administration , discipline , internal organization , training , requirements , efficiency , and readiness of the service . The Commandant also is responsible for the operation of the Marine Corps material support system . " HQMC is currently spread throughout the Washington , D.C. , Virginia , and Maryland area , to include the Pentagon , Henderson Hall , Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Marine Corps Base Quantico , and the Washington Navy Yard .

Dylan & the Dead is a collaborative live album by American singer - songwriter Bob Dylan and the Grateful Dead , released on February 6 , 1989 by Columbia Records . The album consists of seven songs written and sung by Dylan , with the Grateful Dead providing accompaniment . The album was produced by Jerry Garcia and John Cutler . Dylan & the Dead was recorded in 1987 , during a successful stadium tour of the same name , that featured the two artists performing separately and together . Songs from two of the Grateful Dead 's performances from the tour are documented on the album and video View from the Vault IV , and one of the tour - rehearsal songs is on the album Postcards of the Hanging . Though ultimately poorly received , the album initially sold well , reaching on the Billboard charts in the U.S. , in the UK , and earning a Gold certification in the U.S. In 1992 , a bootleg of the first concert of the tour was released under the title " Orbiting Uvula " . It includes the first - ever live performance of " Queen Jane Approximately " , the first live performance of " John Brown " since 1963 , and the first live performance of " Chimes of Freedom " since 1964 .

Hiram is an unincorporated community in eastern Wayne County , Missouri , United States . It is located on Missouri Route C between Clubb to the northwest and Lowndes to the southeast . It is located about twenty miles southwest of Marble Hill . The community is located on McCabe Creek just north of that steam 's confluence with Bear Creek . A post office called Hiram was established in 1900 , and remained in operation until 1994 . The community was named after Hiram Holliday , a businessman in the local lumber industry at Greenville . Hiram was approximately midway on Holiday ’s 17 mile railroad spur running from Greenville ( the county seat ) to Cascade located in the northeast corner of the county . This spur transported most all of the virgin pine timber of the northeast portion of Wayne County between 1880 and 1910 .

The Pasteur Institute ( ) is a French non - profit private foundation dedicated to the study of biology , micro - organisms , diseases , and vaccines . It is named after Louis Pasteur , who made some of the greatest breakthroughs in modern medicine at the time , including pasteurization and vaccines for anthrax and rabies . The institute was founded on June 4 , 1887 , and inaugurated on November 14 , 1888 . For over a century , the Institut Pasteur has been at the forefront of the battle against infectious disease . This worldwide biomedical research organization based in Paris was the first to isolate HIV , the virus that causes AIDS , in 1983 . Over the years , it has been responsible for breakthrough discoveries that have enabled medical science to control such virulent diseases as diphtheria , tetanus , tuberculosis , poliomyelitis , influenza , yellow fever , and plague . Since 1908 , eight Institut Pasteur scientists have been awarded the Nobel Prize for medicine and physiology , and the 2008 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine was shared between two Pasteur scientists .

Michael Waters is a fictional character in Gus Van Sant 's My Own Private Idaho , portrayed by River Phoenix . He is a sensitive , homeless hustler who suffers from narcolepsy , directly foiling his best friend and love interest , Scott Favor ( Keanu Reeves ) , who is a type - A personality hustler from a rich , influential family . Mike , a vagabond searching for his mother , proclaims himself as a " connoisseur of roads " because he has been " tasting roads all [ his ] life . " Mikey remains one of the defining characters of New Queer Cinema and , due to the impressive critical reception , is a crucial role in River Phoenix 's success and influence as an actor . For example , Eric Alan Edwards , one of the film 's directors of photography , said that River Phoenix " really wore the role " because " he looked like a street kid . "

Yongxing Island Airport , also known as Woody Island Airport , is a military airport located on Yongxing ( Woody ) Island , the largest of the disputed Paracel Islands in the South China Sea . Yongxing / Woody Island is occupied and administered by China ( PRC ) as the seat of Sansha city of Hainan Province . The airport was expanded in 1990 to increase the combat range of Chinese warplanes . Further construction and reclamation of land commenced in 2012 to lengthen the airstrip . This work was completed in October 2014 . There was discussion on launching scheduled civilian flights between the Chinese mainland and the island before the end of 2016 . However , as of June 2018 , there is no commercial service to this airport . Military drills with fighter aircraft landing and taking off at Yongxing Island Airport were carried out and telecast on CCTV in December 2017 .

Le Reculet is the second - highest summit in the Jura Mountains . It is located in the Ain department in France . Its altitude is 1718 metres . It is situated a few kilometres south of the Crêt de la Neige on the territory of the town of Thoiry . A cross was erected on the summit by the inhabitants of Thoiry . The summit has views of the Pays de Gex , Geneva , Lake Geneva , the Alps , Mont Blanc , the Matterhorn , and on clear days the Chaîne des Puys . Le Reculet was sometimes designated as the highest point of the Jura , until the elevation of the Crêt de la Neige was revised upwards to 1720 m instead of 1717.6 m.

Malfunkshun : The Andrew Wood Story is a 2005 documentary film based on the life of Andrew Wood , singer / songwriter for the Seattle - based alternative rock bands Malfunkshun and Mother Love Bone . The film includes interviews with fellow Seattle musicians and friends such as Chris Cornell , Kim Thayil , Jeff Ament , and Stone Gossard . Wood died of a heroin overdose in 1990 , just as Mother Love Bone were poised for commercial success . Upon Wood 's death , two founding members of Mother Love Bone , along with Eddie Vedder , formed a band called Mookie Blaylock . However , they soon changed the band 's name to Pearl Jam and became one of the most successful rock acts of the 1990s . The film premiered at the Seattle International Film Festival . In October of the same year , the film was screened at the FAIF Film Festival in Hollywood , California .

The Château de Pirou is a castle in the commune of Pirou , in the département of Manche ( Normandy ) , France . The castle was initially built of wood , then of stone in the 12th century and belonged to the lords of Pirou . It was constructed near the shore of the English Channel , and used to watch upon the west coast of the Cotentin , to protect the town of Coutances and a strategic shallow - water harbour . As the coastline receded , the castle lost its strategic significance , and thus was not militarily upgraded as well as being spared the systematic destruction of fortifications ( as seats of power and resistance to central governance ) during the French Revolution and its aftermath . The castle was transformed into Lord Adnan 's penthouse during the 18th century , and then began to deteriorate . In 1968 the castle was listed in the Inventaire supplémentaire des Monuments historiques by the French Ministry of Culture . Restoration was begun on the initiative of the abbot Marcel Lelégard ( 1925 - 1994 ) . The castle now lies in the middle of an artificial pond . The drawbridge has been replaced by a stone bridge . The curtain walls from the 12th century enclose two residential houses from two different periods ( 16th and 18th centuries ) . A barn on the premises houses a locally - made tapestry , in the style of the Bayeux Tapestry , depicting historical events during a very lively period , from the Viking landings in the Cotentin to Norman conquest of southern Italy . The Castle can be visited as a tourist attraction ( note that it closes during lunchtime ) .

North by Northwest is a 1959 American thriller film directed by Alfred Hitchcock and starring Cary Grant , Eva Marie Saint and James Mason . The screenplay was by Ernest Lehman , who wanted to write " the Hitchcock picture to end all Hitchcock pictures " . North by Northwest is a tale of mistaken identity , with an innocent man pursued across the United States by agents of a mysterious organization trying to prevent him from blocking their plan to smuggle out microfilm that contains government secrets . This is one of several Hitchcock films that features a music score by Bernard Herrmann and an opening title sequence by graphic designer Saul Bass . This film is generally cited as the first to feature extended use of kinetic typography in its opening credits . North by Northwest is listed among the canonical Hitchcock films of the 1950s and is often listed as being among the greatest films of all time . It was selected in 1995 for preservation in the National Film Registry by the United States Library of Congress , as being " culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant " .

Gohar Ayub Khan (; born 15 January 1937 ) , is a Pakistani politician , business oligarch , retired army officer , and conservative figure of the Pakistan Muslim League , who held ministerial positions during the administration of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif . Gohar Ayub Khan hails from the village of Rehana , located in the Haripur District of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province and belongs to the Tareen tribe of ethnic Hazarawal Pashtuns , He is fluent in Hindko and Pashto . He is the son of former President Field Marshal Ayub Khan and played an influential role in sustaining his father 's presidential rule after the 1965 presidential elections . Educated at the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst , after graduation Gohar Ayub Khan was given a commission in Pakistan Army in 1959 . During his military service he served as his father 's aide - de - camp , travelling with him on several foreign trips . Upon his resignation in 1962 with the rank of Captain , he established a business conglomerate and entered in politics in 1974 . He first contested the 1977 general elections through the Independence Movement platform , but later joined the Islamic Democratic Alliance ( IDA ) in 1988 . After the 1990 general elections he was appointed as the fourteenth Speaker of the National Assembly . He became the 20th Minister of Foreign Affairs after securing his seat with a heavy margin in the 1997 general elections . Later he shifted to the energy department , serving as Minister for Water and Power beginning 7 August 1998 . His term abruptly ended on 12 October 1999 , by General Pervez Musharraf , and he subsequently retired from national politics .

Vladimír Dzurilla ( August 2 , 1942 in Bratislava , Slovakia – July 25 , 1995 in Düsseldorf , Germany ) was a Slovak ice hockey goaltender playing for Czechoslovakia . Dzurilla , a refrigerator repairman by profession , was goalie for the Czechoslovak national team for over 16 years , winning three gold , three silver and four bronze medals at world championships as well as one silver and two bronze Olympic medals . However , in most of these tournaments Dzurilla and Jiri Holecek were battling to be Czechoslovakia 's top goaltender and each were given their share of games . For North American fans , he is mostly known for stopping 29 shots in a 1 - 0 win over Canada in the 1976 Canada Cup ( where the Czechoslovaks finished second ) . He suffered a fatal heart attack at his home in Düsseldorf , Germany on July 25 , 1995 , only days before his 53rd birthday .

Borys Buryak ( born 25 October 1953 in Podvirne , Chernivtsi Oblast , in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union ) is a Ukrainian painter . His works depict Ukrainian landscapes and urban views , or draw on the traditions of Ukrainian iconography . Buryak graduated from the Ivan Trush College of Arts in 1974 , and from the Lviv Academy of Arts in 1979 . He is a member of the Union of Artists of Ukraine . In 1991 he won the National Union of Artists Prize ( Kiev , 1991 ) , and was recognised in the international " New Names " awards in Moscow in 1992 . Buryak today lives and works in Lviv , Ukraine , where he runs a private art school .

The Zilch memo was an American government document sent by National Security Advisor Henry Kissinger to President Richard Nixon on January 3 , 1972 , about the military situation in Laos during the Vietnam War . On the memo , in his own handwriting , Nixon described the decade - long bombing campaign by the United States in Southeast Asia as a " failure , " having achieved " zilch , " despite public comments to the contrary . Just the day before , January 2 , Nixon told CBS News reporter Dan Rather in an interview that the bombing was " very , very effective . " Previously missing from the Richard Nixon Library , the memo was discovered in the possession of Alexander Butterfield , who served as the Deputy Assistant to President Nixon from 1969 to 1973 , by Washington Post reporter Bob Woodward , who subsequently published it in his 2015 book The Last of the President 's Men . Despite Nixon 's private assessment that the bombing was a " failure , " U.S. bombing in Southeast Asia increased in 1972 .

The statue of George III , Somerset House , formally titled George III and the River Thames , is a Grade I listed outdoor bronze sculptural group depicting King George III and Neptune or Father Thames , located in the quadrangle of Somerset House , London , England . The sculptor was John Bacon , and the statue was erected between 1778 and 1789 . George III is dressed in Roman apparel , leaning on a rudder , flanked by the prow of a Roman boat and a lion . Father Thames is reclining on a lower , semi - circular plinth , one hand on an urn with a cornucopia behind him . When Queen Charlotte first saw the statue of her husband she asked the sculptor ' Why did you make so frightful a figure ? ' . Bacon bowed and replied ' Art can not always effect what is ever within the reach of Nature – the union of beauty and majesty . '

Ann Louise Wagner ( née Trousdale ; born September 13 , 1962 ) is an American politician who currently serves as the incumbent U.S. Representative for Missouri 's 2nd congressional district , serving since 2013 . The district , based in St. Louis County , is heavily suburban and the wealthiest district in the state . It includes most of St. Louis 's southern and western suburbs as well as some of the northern exurbs in St. Charles County and the northern portion of Jefferson County . Wagner is a member of the Republican Party . Previously , she served as the United States Ambassador to Luxembourg from 2005 to 2009 . Prior to her diplomatic post , Wagner was Chair of the Missouri Republican Party for six years , from 1999 until 2005 , and Co - chair of the Republican National Committee for four years .

David J. Zuckerman ( born August 28 , 1962 ) is an American writer and producer and is best known as the original showrunner and executive producer of the animated comedy series Family Guy , as well as the creator of the American adaptation of the Australian television series of the same name , Wilfred . A native of Danville , California , Zuckerman is a graduate of the University of California , Los Angeles . Zuckerman first wrote for the sitcom The Fresh Prince of Bel - Air , and then went on to write and produce episodes for the Fox animated series King of the Hill . In 1999 , along with writer and producer Seth MacFarlane , he developed another Fox animated series , entitled Family Guy . He subsequently worked on MacFarlane 's second series , American Dad ! , before adapting the Australian live action series Wilfred and producing it under the same name for FX .

Bankard - Gunther Mansion is a historic home located at Baltimore , Maryland , United States . It is a three - story , three bay wide , nine bay deep , flat roofed brick building built in 1866 . It is a richly embellished Italianate style building built originally for Jacob J. Bankard , one of many enterprising and prominent butchers who flocked to " Butcher ’s Hill " , and later George Gunther , who established the Gunther Brewing Company in Baltimore . In 1919 the building became an important Baltimore charitable center to be used by the Hebrew Home for Incurables and the Emmanuel Center to provide humanitarian service to the community . Bankard - Gunther Mansion was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 .

George True Page ( September 22 , 1859 – November 4 , 1941 ) was a United States federal judge . Born in Spring Bay , Illinois , Page attended the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign and read law to enter the bar in 1882 . He was in private practice in Denver , Colorado from 1882 to 1884 and then in private practice in Peoria , Illinois until 1919 . On March 1 , 1919 , Page was nominated by President Woodrow Wilson to a seat on the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit vacated by Christian Cecil Kohlsaat . Page was confirmed by the United States Senate on March 1 , 1919 , and received his commission the same day . He assumed senior status on October 1 , 1930 , serving in that capacity until his death , in 1941 , in La Jolla , California . He also served as chairman of the Commercial Merchants National Bank and Trust Company from 1930 to 1941 .

Awareness ribbons are symbols meant to show support or raise consciousness for a cause . Different colours and patterns are associated with different issues . Yellow ribbons , in the United States , are used to show that a close family member is abroad in military service . In Russia , Belarus and other countries of the former Soviet Union , gold and black striped ribbons are used to celebrate the Allies ' victory in World War II ( 9 May ) . Of the uses of ribbons to draw awareness to health issues , perhaps the best - known is the pink ribbon for support of those with breast cancer . Other health and social concerns which have adopted coloured ribbons include Alzheimer 's disease , pancreatic cancer ( purple ) , HIV / AIDS ( red ) , bipolar disorder ( green ) , and brain disorder or disability ( silver ) . Political use of ribbons include red ribbons worn to commemorate the October Revolution ( 7 November ) in the former Soviet Union , and orange ribbons in the Orange Revolution in Ukraine . Other ornaments , including flowers ( of specific kinds ) , bracelets and badges may serve essentially the same purpose of drawing attention to a cause . These include poppies , rosettes and wristbands .

Deep Impact is a 1998 American science - fiction disaster film directed by Mimi Leder , written by Bruce Joel Rubin and Michael Tolkin , and starring Robert Duvall , Téa Leoni , Elijah Wood , Vanessa Redgrave , Maximilian Schell , and Morgan Freeman . Steven Spielberg served as an executive producer of this film . It was released by Paramount Pictures in the United States and by DreamWorks Pictures internationally on May 8 , 1998 . The film depicts the attempts to prepare for and destroy a wide comet set to collide with Earth and cause a mass extinction . Deep Impact was released in the same summer as a similarly themed film , Armageddon , which fared better at the box office , while astronomers described Deep Impact as being more scientifically accurate . Both films were similarly received by critics , with Armageddon scoring 39 % and Deep Impact scoring 44 % on Rotten Tomatoes . Nonetheless , Deep Impact grossed over $ 349 million worldwide on an $ 80 million production budget . It was the final film by cinematographer Dietrich Lohmann .

Idylwood is a census - designated place ( CDP ) in Fairfax County , Virginia , United States . The population was 17,288 at the 2010 census . It originally developed as a suburban community along the route of the Washington and Old Dominion Railroad , and later along Virginia State Route 7 . The construction of the Capital Beltway in the 1960s , and I-66 and the Orange Line of the Washington Metrorail system in the 1980s , as well as the concurrent development of nearby Tysons Corner into Washington 's leading suburban business district , led to the development of several apartment , townhouse , and small - lot single - family housing complexes , as well as the high - rise Idylwood Towers condominium , in the portion of Idylwood lying to the north of I-66 . The area to the south of I-66 remains primarily large - lot single - family .

Shaji Kailas is an Indian film director best known for his hard - hitting Malayalam commercial films of the 1990s . Shaji got a break in the industry with the comedy film Dr. Pasupathy ( 1990 ) . He 's known for his collaboration with screenwriters Renji Panicker and Ranijth . With Renji Panicker , Shaji made popular political thrillers such as Thalastaanam ( 1992 ) , Sthalathe Pradhana Payyans ( 1993 ) , Ekalavyan ( 1993 ) , Mafia ( 1993 ) , Commissioner ( 1994 ) , and The King ( 1995 ) . Shaji 's collaboration with Ranijth brought forth stories set in a feudal background , such as Aaraam Thampuran ( 1997 ) , Narasimham ( 2000 ) , and Valliettan ( 2000 ) .

Rodney Allan Atkins ( born March 28 , 1969 ) is an American country music artist . Signed to Curb Records in 1996 , he charted his first single on the Billboard country chart in 1997 , but did not release an album until 2003 's Honesty , which included the number 4 hit " Honesty ( Write Me a List ) " . If You 're Going Through Hell , his second album , was released in 2006 . Its first two singles , " If You 're Going Through Hell ( Before the Devil Even Knows ) " and " Watching You " , each spent four weeks at the top of the country music chart , and were respectively ranked as the top country songs of 2006 and 2007 according to Billboard Year - End . The album , which has since been certified platinum in the United States , produced two more number 1 singles in " These Are My People " and " Cleaning This Gun ( Come On In Boy ) " . It 's America ( 2009 ) included the number 1 single " It 's America " and the top 5 hit " Farmer 's Daughter " , which was added to a later reissue of the album . Take a Back Road ( 2011 ) produced his sixth number 1 in its title track . Atkins has received six nominations from the Academy of Country Music and two from the Country Music Association , winning Top New Male Vocalist from the former in 2006 .

William Farrar Smith ( February 17 , 1824 – February 28 , 1903 ) , known as ' Baldy ' Smith , was a Union general in the American Civil War , notable for attracting the extremes of glory and blame . He was praised for his gallantry in the Seven Days Battles and the Battle of Antietam , but was demoted for insubordination after the disastrous defeat at the Battle of Fredericksburg . As chief engineer of the Army of the Cumberland , he achieved recognition by restoring a supply line that saved that army from starvation and surrender , known as the " Cracker Line " , that helped Union troops to success in the Chattanooga Campaign in the autumn of 1863 . Leading the first operation against Petersburg , Smith 's hesitation , possibly illness - related , cost the Union a prime opportunity for a quick end to the war , and he was relieved of command .

Militia is an Italian neo - Nazi group founded by Maurizio Boccacci , the former leader of the banned . The group first came to attention in 2008 when Boccacci was prosecuted over anti - semitic and Holocaust denialist graffiti . Further prosecutions in 2010 followed raids against the group , prompted by further anti - semitic graffiti which had been put up in response to statements by political and religious leaders supporting the continued existence of Israel . Among the items seized in the raids were machetes , baseball bats , an Israeli Army uniform , and tools used for painting graffiti . Boccacci and four other members were arrested in December 2011 by the Special Operations Group of the Italian Carabinieri . The group had made threats against Riccardo Pacifici , President of Rome 's Jewish community , Gianni Alemanno , Mayor of Rome , Gianfranco Fini , President of the Chamber of Deputies , and Renato Schifani , President of the Italian Senate . They are believed to have plotted a bombing targeting Pacifici .

The Republic of Karelia (; ; ; ; ) is a federal subject of Russia ( a republic ) , located in the northwest of Russia . Its capital is the city of Petrozavodsk . Its population in 2010 was 643,548 . The modern Karelian Republic was founded as an autonomous republic within the Russian SFSR by the Resolution of the Presidium of the All - Russian Central Executive Committee ( VTsIK ) of June 27 , 1923 , and by the Decree of the VTsIK and the Council of People 's Commissars of July 25 , 1923 , from the Karelian Labor Commune . From 1940 to 1956 , it was known as the Karelo - Finnish Soviet Socialist Republic , one of the union republics in the Soviet Union . In 1956 , it was once again an autonomous republic and remains as a part of Russia after the dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1991 .

Lucien Gaillard ( 1861 – 1942 , both in Paris , France ) was a French goldsmith and jeweller , who worked in the art nouveau style . Lucien Gaillard was born into a family of jewellers . His grandfather Amédée Alexandre Gaillard ( 1811 - 1882 ) founded a jewellery firm in Paris in 1840 , which he then passed on to his son Ernest ( 1836 - 1909 ) . Lucien Gaillard trained as an apprentice under his father , before taking over the business in 1892 . His brother Ernest was also a well known art nouveau furniture designer . He was a contemporary of René Lalique . He won a prize for his jewellery at the 1889 Universal Exposition . He was also a judge at the 1893 Universal Exposition in Chicago . In 1902 he was made a knight of the Legion of Honour . He was deeply interested in Japanese art . His workshop included artists who travelled from Japan to work in ivory and lacquer . He also worked in copper . His workshop produced vases , cane heads , hair combs , pins and pendants as well as more traditional jewellery , often inspired by floral or animal motifs . The animal motifs included bees , butterflies , dragonflies and snakes . He was known for using only a single motif per item . Around 1910 , the Gaillard workshop began to work in glass , including collaborations with several perfume houses , including Geldy and Corday . The work of Gaillard and his workshop are on display in the Musée D'Orsay and the Metropolitan Museum .

Laura Margaret Attrux , born June 28 , 1909 , in Duck Lake , Saskatchewan , Canada , was a nurse who received an Honorary Doctor of Laws Degree from the University of Alberta on June 19 , 1970 . Attrux had a career of forty - six years of nursing . Thirty - five of these were as a public health nurse employed by the Alberta government in northern Alberta . She worked mostly by herself as a district / municipal nurse in the remote communities of Valleyview , Whitecourt , Smith , Slave Lake , Alberta , Wabasca , Swan Hills , Paddle Prairie , High Level , and Rainbow Lake . In 1967 at age 58 she took flying lessons and purchased an Cessna 150 airplane . She delivered 1031 babies during her career .

Burwell Otis Jones ( born March 23 , 1933 ) is an American former competition swimmer and Pan American Games champion . At the 1951 Pan American Games held in Buenos Aires , Argentina , he won the bronze medal in the men 's 100-meter backstroke , and a gold medal in the men 's 4×200-meter freestyle relay event , alongside teammates Dick Cleveland , Ronald Gora and Bill Heusner . At the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki , Finland , Jones swam for the gold medal - winning U.S. team in the preliminary heats of the men 's 4×200-meter freestyle relay . Although the U.S. team finished first , Jones did not receive a medal under the 1952 rules because he did not swim in the event final . Jones attended the University of Michigan , where he swam for the Michigan Wolverines swimming and diving team in National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) competition from 1952 to 1954 .

The Unusual Youth ( ) is a 2005 Hong Kong teen comedy - drama film centering on five disillusioned Hong Kong teenagers living on the island of Cheung Chau as they try to deal with life in spite of family backgrounds . The film stars Race Wong of 2R fame , Yan Ng , Marco Lok and Raymond Wong . Several veteran Milkyway Image actors , which include Law Wing - Cheong , Cheung Siu - Fai , Lam Suet and Simon Yam ( in a brief , unbilled appearance ) make cameo appearances . The Unusual Youth marks the writing and directing debut of Dennis Law , a former real - estate developer turned former chairman for Milkyway Image . It is also the first film to be produced by Law 's own production company Point of View Movie Production Co. Ltd.

Stop Wasting Food ( ) is a Danish consumer organization that works for the reduction of food waste in society . It was established in 2008 by Selina Juul , who acts as the movement 's day - to - day leader and spokesperson . The organization is run by volunteers and does not count on a permanent membership . The goal of Stop Wasting Food is to spread the message that it is economically irresponsible to dispose of edible food at any point in the food - production chain , from producers to shops and restaurants to homes . The Danish Agriculture and Food Council has estimated that Denmark wastes over 700,000 tons of food annually , at a cost of DKK 11.6 billion . Stop Wasting Food , and its spokesperson Selina Juul , has received support from Danish politicians such as Eva Kjer Hansen , Poul Nyrup Rasmussen , Ritt Bjerregaard , Connie Hedegaard , Bertel Haarder , Frank Jensen , Dan Jørgensen , Karen Ellemann , Henrik Høegh and Kirsten Brosbøl , as well as food industry figures such as Rema 1000 and Coop Danmark . In part due to the Stop Wasting Food movement , Denmark was able to reduce its food waste by 25 % in the five - year period of 2010 – 2015 .

The Catskill Escarpment , often referred to locally as just the Escarpment or the Great Wall of Manitou , and known as the Catskill Front to geologists , is the range forming the northeastern corner of the Catskill Mountains in Greene and Ulster counties in the U.S. state of New York . It rises very abruptly from the Hudson Valley to summits above in elevation , including three of the Catskill High Peaks , with almost no foothills . The plateau to the south and west averages above sea level . The Escarpment was the first area of the Catskills to attract the interest of European settlers . Botanist John Bartram wrote a widely read account of an expedition there prior to independence , and a century later the North - South Lake area he had visited became home to a number of exclusive resorts , including the Catskill Mountain House . Views of it inspired Thomas Cole and other painters of the Hudson River school , the first art movement in the United States . Today much of it is New York State Forest Preserve within the Catskill Park , and a popular place for hiking , camping and other outdoor recreation .

Island Number Ten was an island in the Mississippi River near Tiptonville , Tennessee and the site of a major eponymous battle in the American Civil War . In the mid-19th century the United States Government began to adopt a uniform numbering plan for islands in the Lower Mississippi River ( that part of the river below its confluence with the Ohio River near Cairo , Illinois ) . This system assigned each major island a number , which increased in the downstream direction . The purpose of this system was to create a level of certainty in documents describing islands in the river as to exactly which island was meant . To a large extent , however , the system had an unintended , and at times almost reverse effect . The numbering system was based on the premise that the islands were relatively permanent , static features when in fact the opposite is true . Due to erosion and accretion , the islands in the lower Mississippi are in a constant state of flux , ever growing , shrinking , and at times disappearing entirely , particularly after major floods . Today , the land described in the mid-19th century as " Island Number Ten " , as is the case with many of the islands of the Lower Mississippi , no longer really exists . Some of what constituted it is now part of the floodplain near New Madrid , Missouri as the river 's channel changed ; the bulk of it has simply been eroded away . For this reason , the Battle of Island Number Ten monument , which references this fact , is located on State Route 22 approximately three miles north of Tiptonville ; the cemetery where some of the combatants were interred is across the river in Missouri .

KYSL ( 93.9 FM ) also known on air as Krystal 93 is a radio station broadcasting an Adult Album Alternative format . Licensed to Frisco , Colorado , United States . The station is currently owned by Krystal Broadcasting , Incorporated and features programing from AP Radio . KYSL transmits on 93.9 in Summit County ( which includes Frisco , Dillon , Keystone , Breckenridge ) , 93.1 in Eagle County ( Vail area ) , and 92.3 in Clear Creek County ( Loveland Ski Area ) . Krystal 93 first signed on in May 1988 , and during its first 11 years on the air , the station was broadcasting an Adult Contemporary format . In 2001 it flipped to its current format of Adult Album Alternative while retaining the Krystal branding and the KYSL call letters . Krystal 93 owns the highest FM radio transmitter in North America . Krystal 93 is a lifestyle oriented , live radio station targeting locals and visitors who love good music and want current information ( road and traffic conditions , local , regional and national news ) . Krystal 93 also believes in a strong commitment to local non - profit organizations and events . Krystal 's online stream allows listeners all over the world to tune in .

" Beauty Pageant " is the third episode of the second season of the American comedy television series Parks and Recreation , and the ninth overall episode of the series . It originally aired on NBC in the United States on October 1 , 2009 . In the episode , Leslie serves as a judge in the Miss Pawnee beauty pageant and becomes determined to prevent an attractive , but talentless and unintelligent , contestant from winning . The episode was written by Katie Dippold and directed by Jason Woliner . It featured stand - up comedian Louis C.K. in his second guest appearance as Dave Sanderson , a Pawnee police officer who develops a romantic interest in Leslie . According to Nielsen Media Research , the episode was seen by 4.63 million households , a slight improvement over the previous week . " Beauty Pageant " received generally positive reviews , with several commentators claiming the season continued a trend of funnier episodes than in the first season . It is the only episode of the series in which Nick Offerman does not appear as Ron Swanson .

" A Very Crappy Christmas " is the seventeenth and final episode of the fourth season of the animated television series South Park , and the 65th episode overall . It first aired on Comedy Central in the United States on December 20 , 2000 . In the episode , Kyle awaits Mr. Hankey on Christmas , but he does not show up . To try to spread some Christmas cheer , Kyle and the boys decide to create their own animated special . The episode was written by series co - creator Trey Parker and is rated TV - MA in the United States and is rated 12 in the United Kingdom . " A Very Crappy Christmas " is the fourth Christmas episode of the series .

Centipede is a vertically oriented fixed shooter arcade game produced by Atari , Inc. in June 1981 . The game was designed by Ed Logg and Dona Bailey . It was one of the most commercially successful games from the video arcade 's golden age . The player fights off centipedes , spiders , scorpions and fleas , completing a round after eliminating the centipede that winds down the playing field . Centipede was ported to Atari 's own Atari 2600 , Atari 5200 , Atari 7800 , and Atari 8-bit family . Under the Atarisoft label , the game was sold for the Apple II , Commodore 64 , ColecoVision , VIC-20 , IBM PC ( as a PC booter ) , Intellivision , and TI-99/4A. Superior Software published the port for the BBC Micro .

Before Manchester City Football Club moved into their first permanent home in Manchester , England , in 1887 , the club played at a short series of grounds which ranged from established cricket venues to bumpy fields with no stands or boundaries nor history of sporting usage . The club was founded as a philanthropic endeavour to encourage impressionable youths to commit to wholesome activities rather than falling to the local adolescent culture of alcohol and violence . The sport of football was barely 15 years from the writing of its own rulebook . The club had no immediate option of using or constructing a stadium , and thus most of their first locations were nothing more than painted lines and goalposts . As the club reformed and changed its name twice between 1880 and 1887 , soits choice of locations were a series of low - cost , short - term solutions when their current location became untenable . In 1887 , when City moved to their sixth pitch in only eight years , they had the money , ambition , reputation and stability to construct themselves a more permanent base of operations , at the stadium named Hyde Road .

You 've Got to Walk It Like You Talk It or You 'll Lose That Beat is a 1971 comedy - drama film directed by Peter Locke . It involves a young hippie and his search for the meaning of life while in Central Park . Its soundtrack includes some of the earliest released music by Donald Fagen and Walter Becker , the duo who later formed the core of the group Steely Dan . The film also stars Richard Pryor in an early role playing his signature " wino " character , and actor / director Robert Downey Sr . The soundtrack , " performed by The Original Soundtrack " was released in 1971 , with re - releases in the later 1970s and after . Future film director Wes Craven , then working at a New York City post - production company , made his professional feature debut as the film 's editor .

The Children of Violence is a series of five semi - autobiographical novels by British Nobel Prize in Literature - winner Doris Lessing : Martha Quest ( 1952 ) , A Proper Marriage ( 1954 ) , A Ripple from the Storm ( 1958 ) , Landlocked ( 1965 ) , and The Four - Gated City ( 1969 ) . The series follows the life of the protagonist Martha Quest from adolescence until her death , which takes place in the future , in the year 1997 . The first four novels are set during the 1930s and 1940s , in the former British colony of Southern Rhodesia , now Zimbabwe , in southern Africa , where Lessing lived from 1925 until 1949 . The fifth work , The Four - Gated City , is a science fiction dystopia set in London , from the 1950s into a future where World War Three takes place .

" Run 's House " is a single released by Run – D.M.C. from their fourth studio album Tougher Than Leather . It was released in 1988 through Profile Records and was produced and written by the group and Davy D. " Run 's House " was the highest charting single from the album , making it to number ten on the Hot R&B;/Hip - Hop Singles & Tracks chart . The track was later used as the theme song for Run 's show Run 's House and was sampled by the group for their hit single , " Down with the King " . The premise of the song is that no matter who is performing at a concert or wherever they go , Run - DMC owns the " house " and always heads the bill . Run makes references to the trio 's influence on hip - hop with the lines " They said rap was crap / But never had this band " and " ' Til the ruler came , with a cooler name / Made ya dance and prance and draw the fans insane . " A music video for " Run 's House " was filmed in New York City , showcasing the group performing in spots such as the Apollo Theater to a sea of fans .

Thomas Wolsey ( c. March 1473 – 29 November 1530 ; sometimes spelled Woolsey or Wulcy ) was an English churchman , statesman and a cardinal of the Catholic Church . When Henry VIII became King of England in 1509 , Wolsey became the King 's almoner . Wolsey 's affairs prospered , and by 1514 he had become the controlling figure in virtually all matters of state and extremely powerful within the Church , as Archbishop of York , a cleric in England junior only to the Archbishop of Canterbury . His appointment in 1515 as a cardinal by Pope Leo X gave him precedence over all other English clerics . The highest political position Wolsey attained was Lord Chancellor , the King 's chief adviser ( formally , as his successor and disciple Thomas Cromwell was not ) . In that position , he enjoyed great freedom and was often depicted as an alter rex ( other king ) . After failing to negotiate an annulment of Henry 's marriage to Catherine of Aragon , Wolsey fell out of favour and was stripped of his government titles . He retreated to York to fulfill his ecclesiastical duties as Archbishop of York , a position he nominally held , but had neglected during his years in government . He was recalled to London to answer to charges of treason — a common charge used by Henry against ministers who fell out of favour — but died on the way from natural causes .

The Center for Free Enterprise ( in Korean 자유기업원 ) is a libertarian and formerly neoconservative think - tank based in Seoul , South Korea . Although the CFE was originally established upon the libertarian belief according to the philosophy of Friedrich Hayek and Ludwig von Mises , in later years , it expressed neoconservative , authoritarian or even McCarthyist ideas . For example , CFE enthusiastically advocated the nationalization of history textbooks in Korea , which was mainly discussed under the Park Geun - hye administration . Some libertarian scholars considered that the CFE had ruined libertarian ideas . However , after the impeachment of the Park administration , in 2017 , the CFE changed its name from " 자유경제원 " to " 자유기업원 , " endeavoring to exclude authoritarian and un - libertarian ideas and to become the true libertarian think tank of Korea .

Anselperga was the eldest daughter of Desiderius , King of the Lombards , and Ansa . She was the second Abbess of San Salvatore e Santa Giulia , which her parents had formed in Brescia from the union of San Michele e San Pietro with San Salvatore e Santa Maria . Anselperga was richly endowed with land . She received donations from her father , mother , brother Adelchis , and her maternal relatives . During her tenure San Salvatore was removed by her father from the jurisdiction of the Patriarch of Aquileia and given to the Archbishop of Milan . Nevertheless , on 13 October 772 , Anselperga received a privilege from Patriarch Sigwald . The date of Anselperga 's death is unrecorded , but she was replaced by Radoara as early as 781 .

William Boyd Sloan ( July 9 , 1895 – October 22 , 1970 ) was a United States federal judge . Born in Gainesville , Georgia , Sloan read law to enter the bar in 1915 . He was in private practice from 1915 to 1951 . He was a member of the Georgia General Assembly from 1927 to 1931 . He was an assistant attorney general of the State of Georgia from 1932 to 1933 . He was a judge on the City Court of Hall County , Georgia from 1934 to 1945 , and then on the Superior Court of Georgia , Northeast Judicial Circuit , from until 1948 . On February 19 , 1951 , Sloan was nominated by President Harry S. Truman to a seat on the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia vacated by M. Neil Andrews . Sloan was confirmed by the United States Senate on March 20 , 1951 , and received his commission on March 23 , 1951 . He assumed senior status on August 1 , 1965 , serving in that capacity until his death , in 1970 .

Hamza Ali Abbasi ( Urdu/ ) is a Pakistani theatre , film and television actor , model and director . He is known for his roles as Afzal in the drama serial Pyarey Afzal , and as Salahuddin in the drama serial Mann Mayal . Abbasi began his acting career in 2006 in the play Dally in the Dark , which was produced by Shah Shahrahbeel . He made his film debut in a short film , The Glorious Resolve ( 2010 ) , directed by Bilal Lashari . In 2013 , he appeared in two feature films , Main Hoon Shahid Afridi and Waar , for which he received the Best Star Debut Male and Best Supporting Actor awards at the 1st ARY Film Awards . He received praise for playing the parallel lead in the romantic comedy Jawani Phir Nahi Ani ( 2015 ) .

Gottlob Honold ( 26 August 1876 – 17 March 1923 ) was the leading engineer in the workshop of Robert Bosch and , with Bosch , was the inventor of the spark plug and the modern internal combustion engine , as well as headlights . The combination of the Bosch spark plug and the high voltage magneto , a process patented on 7 January 1902 , made it possible for the gasoline - powered engine to become the standard for motor vehicles . Honold was born on 26 August 1876 in Langenau , in Germany , about 10 miles northeast of Ulm . Honold 's father was a friend of the father of Robert Bosch , and in 1891 , Honold first worked in Bosch 's Stuttgart workshop at the age of 14 . Following graduation from the Ulm gymnasium , Honold studied engineering at the Stuttgart technical university . In 1901 , Honold accepted an offer to become the technical manager of Bosch 's company , and worked on the task of developing an improved ignition system for combustion engines . The Daimler company ordered the Bosch engine and was soon breaking automotive speed records . Honold continued work on faster and more powerful engines . In 1913 , Honold helped develop the automotive headlights that are used today . Although lights had been used to some extent for night driving , the early lanterns did little more than to draw attention to a vehicle , and were of little use for illumination . It was Honold who conceived the idea of placing curved mirrors behind the lamp to increase the amount of light without taxing the automotive electrical system . Honold also helped develop the Bosch car horn . Honold died in Stuttgart on 17 March 1923 .

Robert Charles Gallo (; born March 23 , 1937 ) is an American biomedical researcher . He is best known for his role in the discovery of the human immunodeficiency virus ( HIV ) as the infectious agent responsible for acquired immune deficiency syndrome ( AIDS ) and in the development of the HIV blood test , and he has been a major contributor to subsequent HIV research . Gallo is the director and co - founder of the Institute of Human Virology ( IHV ) at the University of Maryland School of Medicine in Baltimore , Maryland , established in 1996 in a partnership including the State of Maryland and the City of Baltimore . In November 2011 , Gallo was named the first Homer & Martha Gudelsky Distinguished Professor in Medicine . Gallo is also a co - founder of biotechnology company Profectus BioSciences , Inc. and co - founder and scientific director of the Global Virus Network ( GVN ) .

The courts of quarter sessions or quarter sessions were local courts traditionally held at four set times each year in the Kingdom of England ( including Wales ) from 1388 until 1707 , then in 18th - century Great Britain , in the later United Kingdom , and in other dominions of the British Empire . Quarter sessions generally sat in the seat of each county and county borough . They were abolished in England and Wales in 1972 , when the Courts Act 1971 replaced them and the assizes with a single permanent Crown Court . In Scotland they survived until 1975 , when they were abolished and replaced by district courts and later by justice of the peace courts . The quarter sessions were named after the quarter days on which they met in England and Wales from 1388 . These days were later settled as Epiphany , Easter , Midsummer , and Michaelmas sessions .

Mount Gilead is a village in Morrow County , Ohio , United States . The population was 3,660 at the 2010 census . It is the county seat of Morrow County and the center of population of Ohio . The village was established in 1832 , eight years after white settlers arrived in the region . Before their arrival , the forest was a hunting area for the Shawnee tribe . Located in the center of the village is Morrow County 's historic World War I Victory Memorial Shaft , unique in the United States , and Mount Gilead State Park is nearby on State Route 95 . Other areas drawing tourism include the Amish farms , shops and stores east of Mount Gilead , near Chesterville and Johnsville . Mount Gilead is also home to the Morrow County Hospital .

Dr. Nicholas Rush is a fictional character in the Canadian - American Metro - Goldwyn - Mayer - Syfy television series Stargate Universe , a military science fiction serial drama about the adventures of a present - day , multinational exploration team unable to return to Earth after an evacuation to the Ancient spaceship Destiny , which is traveling in a distant corner of the universe . He is portrayed by Scottish actor Robert Carlyle . Carlyle , while at first skeptical towards the show , got an interest in the character of Rush because he felt Rush was a " very interesting " character to portray . Rush is a machiavellian scientist whose life 's work is uncovering the mysteries behind the ninth chevron of the Stargate , which ultimately leads him and personnel from the Icarus Base through the Stargate to a far - away galaxy where they must fight for their own survival . Rush made his first appearance in the pilot episode , " Air " , first broadcast in the United States and Canada in 2009 .

The Grooves & Gravy Tour is a nationwide concert tour by American Rock band ZZ Top . Opening for ZZ Top at most stops on the tour was Atlanta - based Southern Rock band Blackberry Smoke . The tour consisted of 32 shows , including performances in the United States and Canada . " We ’re looking forward to getting out there with the Blackberry Smoke guys , " says ZZ Top frontman Billy Gibbons . “ Grooves & Gravy promises to be one of the rowdiest outings of the year so come on out and get crazy with us . ” Likewise , Blackberry Smoke lead singer / guitarist Charlie Starr proclaimed , “ We ca n’t wait to go out and make music with the legendary ZZ Top . "

Evolution ( stylized as ƎVO⅃ution ) is the second studio album by American singer Sabrina Carpenter , released on October 14 , 2016 , by Hollywood Records . Sabrina began recording the album in 2015 , shortly after the launch of her first studio album , Eyes Wide Open until 2016 . The album received positive reviews from music critics , commercially the album debuted at number 28 on the US Billboard 200 and sold 11,500 copies in its first week . " On Purpose " was released as the lead single from Evolution on July 29 , 2016 . It was followed by promotional singles " All We Have Is Love " and " Run and Hide " shortly before the album 's release . " Thumbs " was the second and last single released from the album . The album was promoted with several appearances and performances . To further promote the album , Carpenter embarked on her first headlining concert tour , Evolution Tour .

The Levant water frog ( Pelophylax bedriagae ) , formerly belonging to the genus Rana , is a southern European species of frog . They are green to brown in color with dark blotches on their dorsal side . They are cousins of the aquatic frogs and live most of the time in the water . They are not poisonous and are quite large , especially the females . It has been introduced in some countries where it was not native , one of which is Malta . First kept as a pet , then recently during the 1990s , it was deliberately introduced to a number of fresh water rock pools in Gozo , where in one it sustains a large population . Though a prolific and invasive species , it is restricted to constant fresh water supply , so it can not spread naturally on its own on arid Mediterranean islands .

East Midlands Parkway railway station is located north of Ratcliffe - on - Soar on the Midland Main Line in the East Midlands of England . It provides park and ride facilities for rail passengers on the routes from to and . It is also the closest station to East Midlands Airport , some away , which is reached by an hourly minibus service . All train services are operated by East Midlands Trains ( EMT ) . The station lies in southwest Nottinghamshire , about from the border with Leicestershire and from that with Derbyshire , between the stations at , and . When it opened , there was a little - used shuttle bus from the station to the airport , but this ceased not long afterwards . An hourly minibus service was re - introduced in 2015 . The main station building and the 850-vehicle car park are to the west of the line , opposite Ratcliffe - on - Soar Power Station . Road access is via the A453 , which provides a link to the nearby ( three - minute drive ) M1 motorway . The Midland Main Line is not electrified north of Bedford ; therefore , all services are operated by diesel trains . This was set to change by 2019 , when a scheme to electrify the remainder of the line had been due to be completed . This , along with increased line speeds , would have meant that the station would have been under 80 minutes from the capital . However , the electrification scheme was put ' on hold ' in the early summer of 2015 .

The Suda ( ) is a river in Babayevsky , Kaduysky , and Cherepovetsky Districts of Vologda Oblast in Russia . It flows into the Rybinsk Reservoir of the Volga River . It is long , with a drainage basin of and an average discharge of . Its main tributaries are the Shogda , the Andoga , the Kolp , the Voron and the Petukh rivers . The source of the Suda is the confluence of the Koloshma and the Nozhema Rivers in the northwest of Babayevsky District of Vologda Oblast , close to the border with Leningrad Oblast . The river flows in the general direction southeast . Almost the whole valley of the Suda is populated . The selo of Borisovo - Sudskoye , located in the upper course of the river , is named after the Suda . Between 1927 and 1959 it was an administrative center of Borisovo - Sudsky District of Leningrad Oblast and of Vologda Oblast . The historic Khvalevskoye Manor is located in the selo of Borisovo - Sudskoye on a 30-meter high banks of the Suda river . In the lower course , between the mouths of the Kolp ( left ) and the Andoga ( right ) the Suda runs close to the urban - type settlement of Kaduy , the center of Kaduysky District , located on the left bank . The mouth of the Suda is located in the settlement of Suda , and the lower course is essentially a bay of the Rybinsk Reservoir . The river basin of the Suda comprises vast area in the west of Vologda Oblast , in particular , almost all of Babayevsky District , almost all of Kaduysky District , large areas in Belozersky and Cherepovetsky District of Vologda Oblast and in Boksitogorsky District of Leningrad Oblast , as well as minor areas in Vytegorsky and Ustyuzhensky Districts of Vologda Oblast and Tikhvinsky and Podporozhsky Districts of Leningrad Oblast . There are many lakes in the river basin of the Suda , mostly of glacial origin . The biggest of the lakes is Lake Andozero in Belozersky District . The lower course of the Suda ( ) is listed in the State Water Register of Russia as navigable , however , there is no passenger navigation .

Sofia 's Diary is a drama that is shown online through the social networking site Bebo , which is the same site that hosts KateModern . A version of Sofia 's Diary originally came out in 2003 in Portugal . This means it actually predates the first video of lonelygirl15 which came out in 2006 . Sofia is played by 22-year - old Rachel Hyde - Harvey . Sofia 's Diary was the second internet based show to make the transition to UK TV ( Tiscali Showcase on C4 being the first in 2007 ) following its acquisition by Channel Five ( from Sony Pictures Television International ) on 17 April 2008 . The first two seasons of the show were broadcast on ' Fiver ' ( previously ' Five Life ' ) . Following an 8-month break , Sofia 's Diary returned to Bebo to begin a 6-week third season , from 29 May 2009 . This season differs to the first two , in that new episodes are only being shown on Tuesdays and Fridays , as opposed to every weekday . Sure Girl originally sponsored Sofia 's Diary . Season 3 of the show is being exclusively sponsored by Transport for London ( TfL ) , to help increase awareness among teenagers of its road safety campaign .

Alfred Louis Olivier Legrand Des Cloizeaux ( 17 October 18176 May 1897 ) was a French mineralogist . Des Cloizeaux was born at Beauvais , in the department of Oise . He studied with Jean - Baptiste Biot at the Collège de France . He became professor of mineralogy at the École Normale Supérieure and afterwards at the Muséum National d'Histoire Naturelle in Paris . He studied the geysers of Iceland , and wrote also on the classification of some of the eruptive rocks . His main work consisted in the systematic examination of the crystals of numerous minerals , in researches on their optical properties and on the subject of light polarization . He demonstrated the circular polarization of cinnabar . He wrote especially on the means of determining the different feldspars , and is credited with the discovery of microcline ( a triclinic potash - feldspar ) . He named the minerals montebrasite ( 1871 ) , binnite ( a variety of tennantite ) and Christianite ( in honor of Christian VIII of Denmark ) . In 1854 , Alexis Damour dedicated the mineral descloizite in honor of Des Cloizeaux . Des Cloizeaux was elected as a member of the French Academy of Sciences in 1869 , and was its President in 1889 . He was awarded the Wollaston Medal by the Geological Society of London in 1886 . His best - known books are Leçons de cristallographie ( 1861 ) and Manuel de minéralogie ( 2 vols . , Paris , 1862 , 1874 and 1893 ) .

Lashkar ( Persian : لشکر ) may refer to : Lascar , a type of sailor or militiaman employed by the British in South Asia ( modern Bangladesh , India , and Pakistan ) Lashkar ( film ) , a 1989 Bollywood film Laskhar ( novel ) , a 2008 military action thriller by Mukul Deva , published by HarperCollins . This is the first of a 4-book bestseller series . The motion picture rights of this novel were purchased by Planman Motion Pictures . Lashkargah , a city in southern Afghanistan , capital of Helmand Province Lashkar , Iran , a village in Kerman Province , Iran Lashkar , Gwalior , an area of the city of Gwalior , formerly a separate town Lashkar - e - Jhangvi , a militant organization in Pakistan Lashkar - e - Omar , a Pakistani Islamic fundamentalist organization Lashkar - e - Qahhar , an Islamist group that claimed responsibility for the 11 July 2006 Mumbai Train Bombings Lashkar - e - Taiba , an Islamist terrorist organization in South Asia

Oleksandr Valentynovych Turchynov (; born 31 March 1964 ) is a Ukrainian politician , screenwriter , Baptist minister and economist . He is the current Secretary of the National Security and Defence Council of Ukraine . Turchynov is a former acting President of Ukraine from the removal from power of President Viktor Yanukovych on 21 February 2014 , until Petro Poroshenko was sworn in as Ukrainian President on 7 June 2014 . He then became Chairman of the Ukrainian Parliament until 27 November 2014 . Turchynov also served as acting Prime Minister in 2010 ( when he was the First Vice Prime Minister in the absence of a prime minister after Yulia Tymoshenko 's government was dismissed on 3 March 2010 ) until the Verkhovna Rada ( Ukrainian parliament ) appointed Mykola Azarov as Prime Minister on 11 March 2010 . In 2005 , Turchynov served as the head of the Security Service of Ukraine . Turchynov was the first deputy chairman of the political party Batkivshchyna ( All - Ukrainian Union " Fatherland " ) and a close associate of party leader Yulia Tymoshenko . He started the new political party People 's Front in September 2014 , now together with Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk .

Lucas Hedges ( born December 12 , 1996 ) is an American actor . The child of writer - director Peter Hedges , he studied theater at the University of North Carolina School of the Arts . Hedges began his acting career by playing supporting roles in Wes Anderson ’s comedy - drama Moonrise Kingdom ( 2012 ) and the crime biopic Kill the Messenger ( 2014 ) . He made his breakthrough in 2016 by playing a sardonic teenage orphan in Kenneth Lonergan 's drama Manchester by the Sea , which earned him a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor . Hedges went on to star as an aggressive youth in an off - Broadway production of Yen , and had supporting roles in the coming - of - age film Lady Bird and the crime film Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri in 2017 . The following year , Hedges played the lead role of a teenager forced into a gay conversion therapy program in Boy Erased , a drug addict in his father 's drama Ben Is Back and the abusive brother of Sunny Suljic 's character in Jonah Hill 's directorial debut Mid90s .

Africa Finance Corporation ( AFC ) is a pan - African multilateral development finance institution established in 2007 to bridge Africa ’s infrastructure investment gap through the provision of debt and equity finance , project development , technical and financial advisory services . AFC finances infrastructure projects in Africa , focusing in particular on power , transportation , telecommunications , heavy industry and natural resources ( oil , gas and mining ) . AFC is majority - owned by private investors , the bulk of which are African financial institutions , which own 47.6 % of the corporation . A further 42.5 % is owned by the Central Bank of Nigeria . AFC ’s nineteen Member States , in order of accession , are Nigeria , Guinea Bissau , Ghana , Sierra Leone , Gambia , Liberia , Guinea , Chad , Cape Verde , Gabon , Côte d'Ivoire , Rwanda , Uganda , Djibouti , Kenya , Zambia , Benin , Malawi and Zimbabwe . As of September 2016 , AFC has invested US$ 4.5 billion in projects in 26 African countries .

Fernando Javier Llorente Torres (; born 26 February 1985 ) , nicknamed El Rey León ( " The Lion King " in Spanish ) , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a striker for English club Tottenham Hotspur and the Spain national team . Llorente started his career with Athletic Bilbao , working his way through the various youth ranks and becoming one of the most important offensive players for the club in the following decade , since making his first team debut in 2005 . He scored 29 goals in all competitions in the 2011–12 season , and was described as a " Bilbao legend " . He signed with Juventus in 2013 , winning the Serie A twice during his two - year spell there ; subsequently , he spent the 2015 – 16 campaign back in Spain with Sevilla , then competed in the Premier League with Swansea City and Tottenham Hotspur . A Spain international since late 2008 , Llorente was a member of the squads which won the 2010 World Cup and Euro 2012 .

Norrtåg ( English : North trains ) is a publicly owned company which is owned by Norrbotten County , Västerbotten County , Västernorrland County and Jämtland County in Sweden . The company owns passenger trains and organises passenger train operation . Norrtåg controls ticket sales and contracts an operator which handles actual train operation ( staff and permits ) . The trains are operated under the brand name Norrtåg . Norrtåg operates eleven electric multiple unit trains of class X62 , and one Itino DMU of class Y31 . Norrtåg started operation in 2010 on the brand new railway Botniabanan , and in 2011 it took over the traffic until then branded Mittnabotåget . Trains were operated by Botniatåg ( owned by SJ AB and DB Regio ) until 20 August 2016 , when Tågkompaniet took over the franchise . The following routes have Norrtåg traffic : The Norrtåg franchise serves 82 stations with a total of 41 daily return trains reaching a total distance of 1 781   km .

Australia ( Whore of the world ) is a climate change protest song written by singer - songwriter John Gordon and released in late 2010 . The song laments Australia 's mining culture - especially coal mining in Australia and coal exports - likening the country to a ' mining whore ' . It has featured in a wide variety of Australian press and online media , including mining forums , and continues to garner attention due to its controversial and provocative message . Music press have hailed the song as one of the great contemporary Australian protest songs . The Melbourne Age went as far as to say that Midnight Oil 's ' Blue Sky Mine ' has nothing on ' Australia ( Whore of the World ) ' . The Song has been banned by ABC Local Radio Southern Queensland ( Australian Broadcasting Corporation ) as being too provocative for a conservative audience . ABC Southern Queensland encompasses the Toowoomba and Darling Downs region which is the region where Gordon hails from originally and where he has performed the song at a number of anti - mining rallies . The song has however received airplay in other parts of Australia from the ABC , and has been showcased on the national flagship ABC Environment website . As of May 2011 , Gordon is contesting the Toowoomba ruling with the case currently before the independent ABC Consumer and Audience review board . Australia ( Whore of the world ) was recorded using only pump organ ( harmonium ) and guitar as vocal accompaniment . The song was written in the Ngaanyatjarra lands of Western Australia where Gordon works in music production and development .

Benjamin Gibbard ( born August 11 , 1976 ) is an American singer , songwriter and guitarist . He is best known as the lead vocalist and guitarist of the indie rock band Death Cab for Cutie , with which he has recorded nine studio albums , and as one half of the electronica act the Postal Service . Gibbard released his debut solo album , Former Lives , in 2012 , and a collaborative studio album , One Fast Move or I 'm Gone ( 2009 ) , with Uncle Tupelo and Son Volt 's Jay Farrar . While performing guitar in the band Pinwheel , Gibbard recorded a demo cassette under the moniker Death Cab for Cutie , titled You Can Play These Songs with Chords ( 1997 ) . After receiving a positive response to the material , Gibbard expanded the project into a full band , with the addition of Chris Walla ( guitar ) , Nick Harmer ( bass ) and Nathan Good ( drums ) . The following year , the band released its debut album , Something About Airplanes ( 1998 ) , on Barsuk Records , and released its follow - up , We Have the Facts and We 're Voting Yes , in 2000 .

Peter Macdonald ( August 14 , 1835 – March 24 , 1923 ) was a physician and political figure in Ontario , Canada . He represented Huron East in the House of Commons of Canada from 1887 to 1904 as a Liberal member . He was born in Pictou County , Nova Scotia , the son of James and Margaret Macdonald , Scottish immigrants , came to Huron County , Canada West with his parents in 1846 and was educated in Toronto . In 1865 , he married Margaret Ross . He graduated from Trinity College in medicine in 1872 and set up practice in Wingham . Macdonald served as a member of the town council for Winham ; he was reeve in 1879 and mayor in 1881 . He also served as chairman of the school board and coroner for Huron County . Macdonald was deputy speaker and chairman of Committees of the Whole from 1901 to 1904 . He ran unsuccessfully for reelection to the House of Commons in 1904 . Macdonald 's daughter Annie Caroline went to Japan in 1904 as a representative of the YWCA and later became involved in prison reform there .

Tenglong Cave ( ) is a cave located from Lichuan City , Hubei , China . It is believed to be the longest monomer karst cave system in the world . The cave entrance is and wide , leading to of passageways . An underground network of streams runs for whilst the cave is the source of the Qingjiang River . Year round temperatures underground remain in the 16–18 degrees Celsius range . To facilitate tourist access to the cave , as well as to the so - called Enshi Grand Canyon Scenic Area ( 恩施大峡谷景区 ) , the prefectural authorities are considering plans for the construction of a tourist railway , which will link these two popular tourist attractions with a station on the Yichang−Wanzhou Railway ( probably , Lichuan ) .

Tin Machine is the debut album by Anglo - American hard rock band Tin Machine . It was originally released in May 1989 , on the label EMI . The band was the latest venture of David Bowie , inspired by sessions with guitarist Reeves Gabrels . Drummer Hunt Sales and bassist Tony Fox Sales formed the rest of the band , with " fifth member " Kevin Armstrong providing rhythm guitar and Hammond organ . The project was intended as a back - to - basics album by Bowie , with a hard rock sound and simple production , as opposed to his past two solo albums . Unlike previous Bowie bands ( such as the Spiders from Mars ) , Tin Machine acted as a democratic unit .

The Export Control Act of 1940 was one in a series of legislative efforts by the United States government and initially the administration of President Franklin D. Roosevelt to accomplish two tasks : to avoid scarcity of critical commodities in a likely pre - war environment , and to limit the exportation of materiel to pre - World War II Imperial Japan . The act originated as a presidential proclamation by Roosevelt forbidding the exporting of aircraft parts , chemicals , and minerals without a license , and was intended to induce Japan to curtail its occupation of the Indo - Chinese coast . The text of the Act stated that whenever the President deemed it " necessary in the interest of national defense , " he could prohibit or curtail the exportation of military equipment , munitions , tools and materials . Although controls were first authorized in 1940 in regard to munitions and similar materials essential to the defense effort , its coverage was extended in 1942 to all commodities , and broader geographic coverage , following America 's entry into World War II . The law was extended , with modifications through 1948 , and it was envisioned that remaining controls would soon disappear at the time of re - enactment in 1949 . The scarcity of certain goods in the world markets however , made continuance of controls necessary in order to prevent a drain on such goods from plentiful American supplies with its consequential inflationary effects . National security and foreign policy concerns , especially following the outbreak of the Korean War , were new and compelling reasons for passing the Export Control Act of 1949 , and in extending it until ( at least ) 1958 . The law included both domestic policies aimed primarily at conditions within the United States , as well as controls directed at conditions outside the country , as an instrument of American foreign policy . This is exemplified by the restrictions on export of certain strategic or military items to the Soviet bloc or to other countries which it felt , if permitted , would be detrimental to the foreign policy program of the United States during the Cold War . The foreign policy motive became so strong that it brought legislation directing the President to enlist the cooperation of other nations in enacting controls on trade with the Soviet block to parallel those of the United States . The benefits of the various economic and military aid programs were to be withheld from non - cooperating nations , as in the Mutual Defense Assistance Control Act of 1951 .

" Make Me Bad " is a song written and recorded by the American nu metal band Korn for their fourth studio album , Issues . Many Korn fans interpret the lyrics to be about frontman Jonathan Davis ' getting tired of drinking or drug abuse and his decision to get sober a year prior to Issues coming out . It was released as the album 's second single in February 2000 , enjoying major success on US rock radio stations and in the United Kingdom . The Alien - inspired music video is one of the most expensive videos Korn have ever filmed featuring actors Brigitte Nielsen , Udo Kier , Tatjana Patitz , and Shannyn Sossamon . An acoustic medley of " Make Me Bad " and The Cure 's " In Between Days " was performed with The Cure for the series in December 2006 .

Ignaz Franz Werner Maria von Olfers ( 30 August 1793 – 23 April 1871 ) was a German naturalist , historian and diplomat . Olfers was born in Münster . In 1816 he travelled to Brazil as a diplomat . In 1839 he was made director of the royal art collections and had significant influence on Frederick William IV of Prussia for a re - development of the Museumsinsel , Berlin . Together with architect Friedrich August Stueler he developed the concept of the Neues Museum , Berlin and had great influence on organisation and presentation of exhibits and interior . His daughter was the writer and illustrator Marie von Olfers . Olfers described a number of new mammal species in Wilhelm Ludwig von Eschwege 's Journal von Brasilien ( 1818 ) . A species of South American snake , Philodryas olfersii , is named in his honor .

Dirk Van Tichelt ( born 10 June 1984 ) is a Belgian judoka . His biggest achievement was his European title in Lisbon . In the same year , at the Beijing Olympics he came fifth after losing in the first round to gold - medallist Elnur Mammadli and later losing in the bronze medal match to Rasul Boqiev . At the 2009 World Championships , he reached the semi - finals but there he lost to Kim Chol - Su . In the bronze medal match he beat Sezer Huysuz to take his first bronze medal at a world championships . At the 2013 World Championships , he again won bronze , losing to eventual champion Shohei Ono in the semi - final and beating Dastan Ykybayev in his bronze medal match . In the 2016 Summer Olympics , Van Tichelt won the bronze medal against Miklos Ungvari .

Mamungari Conservation Park ( formerly known as Unnamed National Park , Unnamed Conservation Park and also known as the Unnamed Biosphere Reserve ) is a protected area located in South Australia within the southern Great Victoria Desert and northern Nullarbor Plain about west of Maralinga and northwest of Ceduna . The conservation park was proclaimed in 1970 as a national park under the then National Parks Act 1966 for the purpose of conserving ‘ the environments of the Great Victoria Desert and protect wilderness values.’ It was not assigned a name in 1970 and was subsequently constituted as the Unnamed Conservation Park under the National Parks and Wildlife Act 1972 . It was renamed as Mamungari Conservation Park on 30 November 2006 . It is one of fourteen United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization ( UNESCO ) World Biosphere Reserves in Australia and obtained this status in 1977 with the name of the Unnamed Biosphere Reserve . The conservation park is classified as an IUCN Category Ia protected area . The conservation park is managed jointly by the traditional owners ( the Maralinga Tjarutja and the Pila Nguru communities ) and the Department of Environment , Water and Natural Resources ( DEWNR ) . The conservation park may only be visited by those who have obtained the minimum impact code and can demonstrate experience using that code . Permits are required to travel to the conservation park and will take 4 to 6 weeks to arrange . The only road of significance that passes through the conservation park is the Anne Beadell Highway .

Apgujeong - dong (; ) is a ward of Gangnam - gu in Seoul , South Korea . It is considered one of the wealthiest neighborhoods in South Korea , where one square meter costs up to $ 20,000 . The dong originates from a pavilion with the same name founded by Han Myung - hoi , a high - ranking government official during the Joseon dynasty . It is an upmarket residential , fashion , shopping , and educational area . The Hanja name translates into " Seagull Pavilion , " a reference to his nickname , which itself was a reference and a mark of peace when viewing a group of seagulls flying . One of the main shopping area is Apgujeong Rodeo Street , along with Cheongdam - dong Fashion Street in Cheongdam - dong and Garosu - gil in Sinsa - dong , which are connected by the main avenue Apgujeong - ro . It is seen as a fashionable and trendsetting destination .

Gaynelle Griffin Jones ( November 20 , 1948 – March 1 , 2013 ) was an American jurist . Born in Dallas , Texas , Jones received her bachelor 's degree from Emerson College and her law degree from Boston College Law School . In 1993 , President Bill Clinton appointed Jones as United States Attorney for the Southern District of Texas . She was the first African - American woman to serve in that position . Before her appointment as U.S. Attorney , Jones was also the first African - American woman to serve on the First Court of the Texas Courts of Appeals . In later years , she worked as litigation counsel for Hewlett - Packard Company and was an adjunct professor at the University of Houston Law School .

Peter Linz ( born June 28 , 1967 ) is an American puppeteer . His most prominent role is being the performer for the character Walter who was introduced in the 2011 feature film The Muppets . He then took over the roles of Herry Monster and Ernie from Sesame Street in 2017 . Linz recounts receiving the role as his favorite ; " Apart from my wedding day and birth of my children , being cast as Walter was one of the greatest moments of my life . I was beyond happiness . " He has performed many characters on children 's television shows : perhaps some of his best known performing roles are Snook in It 's a Big Big World , Tutter in Bear in the Big Blue House and Theo Lion in Between the Lions , though he has also performed in Blue 's Room , Sesame Street , and The Puzzle Place . Following the departure of Steve Whitmire , he took over the roles of Statler , Link Hogthrob and Lips . Linz also performed in the Broadway musical Avenue Q. and he also did the voice of Moz , in the English Dub version of " Sheep and Wolves " .

Land of the Dead ( also known as George A. Romero 's Land of the Dead ) is a 2005 post - apocalyptic horror film written and directed by George A. Romero ; the fourth of Romero 's six Living Dead movies , it is preceded by Night of the Living Dead , Dawn of the Dead and Day of the Dead , and succeeded by Diary of the Dead and Survival of the Dead . It was released in 2005 , with a budget of $ 15–19   million , the highest in Romero 's Dead series and was grossed $ 46   million . The story of Land of the Dead deals with a zombie assault on Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , where a feudal - like government exists . The survivors in the film have fled to the Golden Triangle area of downtown Pittsburgh . The region is protected on two sides by rivers and on the third by an electric barricade that survivors term " the Throat " . Released in North America on June 24 , 2005 , Land of the Dead received mostly positive reviews from film critics .

, usually abbreviated as Sankyū ( 参急 ) , was a private railway company that operated in Nara Prefecture and Mie Prefecture , Japan for 14 years from 1927 to 1941 , when it merged with its parent company , Ōsaka Electric Railroad ( Daiki ) . Sankyū built a single train line which serviced the cities of Sakurai , Nabari , Matsusaka , and Ujiyamada , and the company acquired a second major line as well as a small local line from Ise Electric Railway ( Iseden ) . These lines extended northwards from Matsusaka through cities in Mie Prefecture along the coast of Ise Bay as far as Kuwana . The infrastructure of Sankyū is now owned by Kintetsu and remains in use today . Sankyū 's main goal was to build a portion of a railway to Ujiyamada ( now Ise ) which is home to Ise Grand Shrine , the holiest Shinto shrine in Japan and a common pilgrimage destination . The word " Sangū " is a kanji abbreviation of a phrase in Japanese that roughly translates to " a pilgrimage to Ise Grand Shrine " . Sankyū 's line connected with a line originating in Osaka owned by its parent company , Daiki , and together the two offered direct rail service from Osaka to Ujiyamada on a line that was much more direct than that of its main rival , Kokutetsu . When Sankyū acquired Iseden , it then set its eyes on a direct connection between Osaka and Nagoya .

Gabber (; ) is a style of electronic music and a subgenre of hardcore techno . Although arguably a house variant from Detroit , techno music reached Amsterdam in the late 1980s , and it was the producers and DJs from Rotterdam in the early 1990s who evolved it , mixing it with industrial into a harder house variant which is today known as " gabber " . The specific sound of Rotterdam was also created as a reaction to the house scene of Amsterdam which was seen as " snobby and pretentious " . Though techno tracks from Frankfurt 's Marc Acardipane were quite similar to the Rotterdam style , it was the popularity of this music in the Netherlands which made Rotterdam the cradle of gabber . The essence of the gabber sound is a distorted bass drum sample , overdriven to the point where it becomes clipped into a distorted square wave and makes a recognizably melodic tone . Often the Roland Alpha Juno or the kick from a Roland TR-909 was used to create this sound . Gabber tracks typically include samples and synthesised melodies with the typical tempo ranging from 150 to 190 bpm . Violence , drugs and profanity are common themes in gabber , perceptible through its samples and lyrics , often screamed , pitch shifted or distorted . Gabber was popular in many countries , including the Netherlands , Belgium , Switzerland , Germany , Austria , and Italy . In the late 1990s , it became less popular than the emerging gabber - influenced hardstyle . After surviving underground for a number of years , in 2002 the style reappeared in the Netherlands in a new form , mainstream hardcore . The sound became more commercial , dark and industrial .

The Connecticut River Walk is partially constructed park and bikeway in Springfield , Massachusetts , United States , along the banks of New England 's largest river , the Connecticut River . Currently , Springfield 's section of this park is 3.7 miles long , running from Chicopee , Massachusetts to the South End Bridge in Springfield , Massachusetts . Unique features of the trail include its path alongside an active - and soon - to - be the United States ' first high - speed - train line , making it a " rail - with - trail , " and its passing in very close proximity to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame . The longest river in New England , the Connecticut River is the Knowledge Corridor 's most prominent natural asset . For centuries it has been a source of regional identity and pride ; however , currently most residents are cut off from it by Interstate 91 - a 1960s - era elevated highway , which has become a major inhibitor to Springfield 's economic and recreational riverfront growth , especially in recent years .

Mortal Kombat : Deadly Alliance is a fighting video game developed and published by Midway for the Xbox , PlayStation 2 , GameCube , and Game Boy Advance . It was the first all - new Mortal Kombat fighting game produced exclusively for home consoles , with no preceding arcade release . Deadly Alliance is chronologically the fifth main game in the Mortal Kombat series . Its story focuses on the titular alliance between sorcerers Quan Chi and Shang Tsung and their schemes to revive an ancient army to conquer Outworld and Earthrealm . Two different Game Boy Advance games based on Deadly Alliance were released . The first version , also titled Mortal Kombat : Deadly Alliance was released on November 2002 , during the same week as the home console versions , while the second GBA version , Mortal Kombat : Tournament Edition ( originally titled Mortal Kombat : Deadly Revenge , which was printed in the manual ) , was released on August 25 , 2003 .

Jacques Feldbau was a French mathematician , born on 22 October 1914 in Strasbourg , of an Alsatian Jewish traditionalist family . He died on 22 April 1945 at the Ganacker Camp , annex of the concentration camp of Flossenbürg in Germany . As a mathematician he worked on differential geometry and topology . He was the very first student of Charles Ehresmann . He is known as one of the founders of the theory of fiber bundles . He is the one who first proved that a fiber bundle over a simplex is trivializable and who used this to classify bundles over spheres . In a paper , written together with Ehresmann , he introduced the notion of an associated bundle and proved results known today as the exact homotopy sequence of a fibration .

Earth Spacedock is a fictional space station orbiting Earth in the Star Trek universe , designed originally by David Carson and Nilo Rodis of Industrial Light and Magic in the 1980s . It is large enough to contain several starships of that fictional universe , and in real life the Spacedock consisted of a series of sets , miniatures , and designs that were used for various films and television shows in the 1980s and 1990s . Written spacedock ( one word ) , it is first seen in the 1984 theater film , and subsequently in the , , and Star Trek movies . The spacedock also makes appearances in The Next Generation - era trilogy of seven season shows ( TNG , Deep Space Nine , and Voyager ) of the 1980s and 1990s . Space stations of this class in orbit around other places are shown many times in TNG , In this era before computer generated spacecraft , models were expensive so they were often re - used to increase efficiency of the budget . In 2015 a set of artwork printings and miniature model of the Spacedock design went to auction for over . One filming model for the interior ( for spacecraft shots inside the dock ) was across and was built by Industrial Light and Magic special effect makers for motion pictures and TV . This was an advanced model in an era before computer generated images became common , and it had various neon lights and doors which could open for the special effects shots . The design contained miles / kilometers of fiberoptics for lighting . Earth Spacedock has a cameo of sorts , shown being underconstruction in Earth orbit in the season one finale of , a show set a decade before the original Star Trek ( 1966 - 69 ) in its primary science fiction universe .

Verbena , also known as Summerfield , is an unincorporated community in southeastern Chilton County , Alabama , United States . Named for the indigenous flower , Verbena developed into a popular resort location for the more affluent citizenry of Montgomery , the state 's capital , during the yellow fever outbreaks of the late 19th and early 20th centuries . Many stately homes , some of which have undergone recent renovation and restoration , line the streets of the town as a reminder of this historic past . The town was built beside the railroad currently owned by CSX Transportation . In its heyday , Verbena had two hotels , a bank , a post office , and a general store . Many of those buildings are gone or boarded up today , but the Verbena United Methodist Church still stands on County Road 59 near the town 's center . According to the U.S. Census in 1890 , Verbena showed a population of 756 , making it the largest community in Chilton County at that time .

Outotec Oyj is a Finnish listed technology company that was created when Outokumpu Oyj span off its technology business into a separate entity in 2006 . It focuses more on design and consulting than manufacturing , and it purchases the majority of its products from subcontracted manufacturers , making only the key components itself . Manufacturing is carried out at Outotec 's workshop in the city of Outokumpu , which makes equipment , and at the former Larox plant in Lappeenranta , where industrial filters are manufactured . Outotec is a technology company as well as a project company , selling complex mining technology and plant projects that it first designs and then executes itself or in collaboration with its partners . Outotec assembles the supply chain , designs and delivers the process , and trains the client to manage it . Outotec delivers its technologies and processes for metallurgy and mineral processing . Outotec 's technologies are used for applications such as producing base metals , processing iron ore , ferroalloys , and raw materials containing titanium , producing sulfuric acid , producing aluminium oxide and light metals , processing exhaust gases , coking , producing bioenergy , refining oil shale and oil sands , and treating industrial wastewater . Processes developed by Outotec enable aluminiferous clay , paper sludge , and slag heaps created during the process to be converted into raw materials for synthetic sapphire , biorefineries , or copper . Outotec 's environment and energy business has grown alongside its traditional ore and metal technology . Mines and refineries consume enormous quantities of water and energy , but Outotec 's applications enable a significant reduction in consumption .

Lionel Cole is a pianist , songwriter , composer , music editor , music supervisor and public speaker . He has served as a regularly touring member of Mariah Carey 's live band . Cole also partnered with Malcolm - Jamal Warner , to create the jazz and funk band Miles Long . The first album , The Many Facets of Superman , featured En Vogue 's Cindy Heron and soul icon Teena Marie . Cole co - wrote with Mariah Carey the Billboard chart - topping single " Through the Rain " , which appeared on Carey 's ninth studio album Charmbracelet . The song peaked at number 81 on the Billboard Hot 100 and it hit number 1 on the U.S. sales and dance charts . Previously , Cole remixed the million selling cover single " Hard To Say I 'm Sorry " by boy band AZ Yet . In 2010 , Cole toured with 1980s star Rickie Lee Jones . From a storied musical family , he is the son of Freddy Cole , a Grammy - nominated jazz vocalist , the nephew of Nat King Cole , and the cousin of Natalie Cole . Cole 's music work extends into film and television , he composed for the Tim Reid film Once Upon a Time ... When We Were Colored and the Showtime series Linc 's .

Irene Scharrer ( 2 February 188811 January 1971 ) was an English classical pianist . Irene Scharrer was born in London and studied at the Royal Academy of Music with Tobias Matthay . Scharrer made her London début at the age of 16 , and gave concerts regularly until June 1958 , where she appeared for the last time , playing Mozart 's Sonata for Two Pianos with Myra Hess . They often performed four - handed compositions together . ( Scharrer is sometimes erroneously described as Hess 's cousin . She was distantly related to another fine woman pianist , Harriet Cohen , the two sharing a great - great - grandfather ) . Other collaborators included Arthur Nikisch in Berlin , and Landon Ronald in London . She visited Edward Elgar in 1918 and was promised the first performance of his piano concerto , then being sketched . Her technique was one of refinement rather than power . Her surviving recordings show her at her best in the smaller pieces of the romantic repertoire , where her impeccable control , fine tone and lack of showiness serve the music well .

" Good Times " is a song recorded by Eric Burdon & the Animals and released on the 1967 album Winds of Change , with music and lyrics by Eric Burdon , John Weider , Vic Briggs , Danny McCulloch and Barry Jenkins . The lyrics tell the story of someone who regrets having wasted too much time doing useless things instead of aspiring to become someone successful . Musically , the song has a dark and depressed feeling with a light - hearted break just before the final verse . The song features a string quartet , which is heard in the second portion of the song . The single reached number 20 on the UK Singles Chart . It was the B - side to " San Franciscan Nights " in the U.S. The B - side " Ai n't that So " was included as part of the soundtrack to the film Stranger in the House ( 1967 ) . Every band member , except Burdon , appeared at the premiere . In 1987 it was released as a single again , while it was the soundtrack to the movie Die Katze starring Götz George . This version reached # 53 in Germany . Ozzy Osbourne covered the song for his album Under Cover , 2005 . It was also featured on Burdon 's live album " The Official Live Bootleg # 2 " ( 2000 ) by Eric Burdon 's I band . Most recently , it was featured in the 2017 film Small Town Crime .

Otto - Iivari Meurman ( 4 June 1890 , in Ilmajoki – 19 August 1994 , in Helsinki ) was a Finnish architect . He did city plans for Kauniainen and Tapiola . Garden city Tapiola was based on town planning of Meurman . Meurman resigned the Tapiola project when high houses were allowed in the area . Internationally garden cities do not include them . He wrote : Rock can be broken in short time , but you can not get it back artificially . Nature must be respected , and should be touched cautiously . By this way nature and humans can create brilliant work , that prove good national sense and civilized nature . ( " Kallio on lyhyessä ajassa rikki räjäytetty , mutta uutta ei sen tilalle voi keinotekoisesti saada . Luontoa on kunnioitettava , ja siihen on kajottava varovasti . Silloin luonto ja ihminen voivat loihtia suurenmoisia töitä , jotka todistavat tekijänsä ja kansakunnan hyvää aistia ja korkeaa sivistystasoa . " ) Meurman 's concept of the nuclear family and its necessary place in society was prevalent in his career .

Patsy Ann Norvall ( 1942 – 2013 ) was a visual artist who worked in sculpture , installation art and public art . She was a pioneering feminist artist active in the Women 's movement since 1969 . Her work has been exhibited in galleries and museums in the U.S. and abroad . She received numerous grants , awards and residencies for her achievements , including the Pollock - Krasner Foundation and the National Endowment for the Arts . She created permanent public art works for the New York City subway system , designed and created plaza and lobby installations in Los Angeles , CA , New Brunswick , NJ , Bridgeport , CT , and Bethesda , MD . Her work has received historical and critical acclaim , and has been written about in books , journals and newspapers including , Art in the Land : A Critical Anthology of Environmental Art , in Sculpture ( magazine ) , the Los Angeles Times , The New York Times and numerous other publications .

The Imperial Valley lies in California 's Imperial County . It is located in southeastern Southern California , and is the site of an urban area largely centered on the city of El Centro . The Valley is bordered by the Colorado River to the east and , in part , the Salton Sea to the west . Farther west lies the San Diego and Imperial County border . To the north is the Coachella Valley region of Riverside County , which together with Imperial Valley form the Salton Trough , or the Cahuilla Basin , also the county line of Imperial and Riverside counties , and to the south the international boundary with the U.S. state of California and Baja California . The culture of the area blends those of the United States and Mexico , due to its regional history and geographic location along the international border . The Imperial Valley economy is based on agriculture . Imperial Valley was so named by the Imperial Land Company , in hopes of attracting settlers . Having done that it is now the home of the El Centro metropolitan area and also an economic center of California 's government defined " South Border " . Locally , the terms " Imperial Valley " and " Imperial County " are used synonymously .

Ek Cup Cha ( এক কাপ চা ) is a Bangladeshi romantic film directed by Naim Imtiaz Niamul . The shooting of this film started on October 15 , 2010 . But for different circumstances regarding producers , it can not be released . Finally , actor Ferdous Ahmed produced the film for the first time in his career and released on November 28 , 2014 . Ferdous Ahmed himself act in the central role of the film along with Moushumi , Mamnun Hasan Emon , Humayun Faridi and more . This was last film of Humayun Faridi . Bangladesh National Film Awards winning actor Alamgir and her daughter Akhi Alamgir is seen this film . After the success of the famous movie Bhat De , Alamgir and Akhi Alamgir , the father and daughter duo , worked in the project .

Kunlun Station ( ) is the southernmost of four Chinese research stations in Antarctica . When it is occupied during the summer , it is the second - southernmost research base in Antarctica , behind only the American Amundsen – Scott South Pole Station at the geographical South Pole . When Kunlun is not in operation , the year - round Russian Vostok Station is the second - southernmost base in Antarctica . It is located at 4087 m above sea level on the East Antarctic Ice Sheet , making it the highest base in Antarctica . It is only 7.3   km southwest of Dome A , the loftiest point on the Antarctic Plateau . The station was officially opened on January 27 , 2009 . Fully constructed the station is planned to cover an area of 558 m² . The main building , covering 236 m² , is planned erected in April 2009 . The site is one of the coldest in the world , with temperatures occasionally reaching in the winter . It is indicated from satellite measurements that places nearby could reach a world record temperature . In April 2012 the first of three Antarctica Schmidt telescopes ( AST3 ) was installed at Kunlun Station . The other two were planned for installation in 2013 and 2014 . A bigger optical telescope , Kunlun Dark Universe Survey Telescope ( KDUST ) , is planned to be installed by 2020 .

Chief Minister Fellowship is an 11-month long fellowship program run by the Chief Minister 's Office , Government of Maharashtra , India . The program was launched by the Chief Minister of Maharashtra Devendra Fadnavis in 2015 with an aim of involving young professionals in various key initiatives and departments of the Maharashtra State Government . Their web - page explains that the fellowship is designed in a way to provide the fellows a better understanding of governance , public administration and policy - making and at the same time the government can leverage the diverse experiences and enthusiasm of the fellows to better coordinate existing projects and introduce new ones . The Fellowship is managed through the Chief Minister 's Office in Mumbai with the Chief Minister serving as the Chief Mentor for all fellows .

Michael Kagan is an American academic and immigrant rights lawyer . He is Professor of Law at the University of Nevada , Las Vegas . He is Director of the UNLV Immigration Clinic , which specializes in deportation defense , including of unaccompanied children . Kagan played a leading role in the establishment of refugee legal aid programs that assist asylum - seekers applying for refugee status determination through the UN refugee agency . He helped to found or develop Africa Middle East Refugee Assistance ( AMERA ) in Egypt , and Asylum Access , which is based in the United States . He also became a leading campaigner for reforms in the way the UN conducts refugee status determination , and started the website RSDWatch.org . Kagan completed his law degree at the University of Michigan .

Meiningen is a town in the southern part of the state of Thuringia , Germany . It is located in the region Franconia and has a population of around 21,600 ( 2016 ) . Meiningen is the capital and the largest town of the Schmalkalden - Meiningen district . From 1680 to 1920 , Meiningen was the capital of the Duchy ( and briefly of the Free State ) of Saxe - Meiningen . Meiningen is considered the cultural , judicial and financial centre of southern Thuringia and thus hosts the state theatre , justice center , state archives , bank buildings and many museums . It is economically reliant on mechanical engineering , high - tech industry and tourism . The dialect and language of the inhabitants is East Franconian .

Gonzalo Jiménez de Quesada y Rivera , also spelled as De Quezada and Ximénez , (; 1496 – other sources state 1506 or 1509 Suesca , 16 February 1579 ) was a Spanish explorer and conquistador in northern South America , territories currently known as Colombia . He explored the northern part of South America . As a well - educated lawyer he was one of the intellectuals of the Spanish conquest . He was an effective organizer and leader , designed the first legislation for the government of the area , and was its historian . After 1569 he undertook explorations toward the east , searching for the elusive El Dorado , but returned to New Granada in 1573 . He has been suggested as a possible model for Cervantes ' Don Quixote .

Bubble and squeak is a traditional British breakfast made from boiled potatoes and cabbage . In modern times it is a dish made with the shallow - fried leftover vegetables from a roast dinner . The main ingredients are potato and cabbage but carrots , peas , Brussels sprouts , or any other leftover vegetables may be added . The chopped vegetables ( and cold chopped meat if used ) are fried in a pan together with mashed potatoes or crushed roast potatoes until the mixture is well - cooked and brown on the sides . The dish is so named because the cabbage makes bubbling and squeaking sounds during the cooking process . It is often served with cold meat from the Sunday roast , and pickles or brown sauce , or as an accompaniment to a full English breakfast . The meat was traditionally added to the bubble and squeak itself , although nowadays it is more commonly made without meat . The earliest - known recipe was in Mrs Rundell 's A New System of Domestic Cookery in 1806 . The name bubble and squeak is used primarily in England ( for Scotland and Ireland see the section Similar dishes ) , and it may also be understood in parts of some other Commonwealth countries and the United States . Bubble and squeak has been a popular dish since the late 1800s , as it was an easy way of using leftovers . In more recent times , ready - made pre - prepared versions have become available on the market .

Dado Villa - Lobos ( born June 29 , 1965 in Brussels , Belgium ) is a Brazilian musician , best known as the ex - guitarist of post - punk band Legião Urbana . Along with singer Renato Russo and drummer Marcelo Bonfá , he was one of the founding members of that band , who formed in Brasília in 1982 . Villa - Lobos remained with the band through all of their studio albums , until the group dissolved after the 1996 death of Russo . In 2005 , he released his first solo album , Jardim de Cáctus . On May 30 , 2012 , attended the Tribute to Legião Urbana with Wagner Moura , where they clashed with a fan during the presentation . He is the grandnephew of Heitor Villa - Lobos .

Sabine Pass is the natural outlet of Sabine Lake into the Gulf of Mexico . It borders Jefferson County , Texas , and Cameron Parish , Louisiana . Two major battles occurred here during the American Civil War , known as the First and Second Battles of Sabine Pass . Hurricane Rita made landfall on September 24 , 2005 and on September 12–13 , 2008 , Hurricane Ike struck Sabine Pass and Galveston , generating the highest surge of 22 feet ( 6.7 meters ) which is , according to the North American Vertical Datum of 1988 ( NAVD 88 ) , the highest ever recorded at Sabine Pass . Sabine Pass is a site for an LNG receiving terminal because it is located along one of a few deepwater ports along the Gulf Coast suitable for importing LNG . The region also has an existing pipeline infrastructure with access to South East Texas and U.S. markets . The former city of Sabine Pass , Texas , is now a neighborhood of Port Arthur .

Sidney Rittenberg (; born August 14 , 1921 ) is an American journalist , scholar , and Chinese linguist who lived in China from 1944 to 1980 . He worked closely with Mao Zedong , Zhu De , Zhou Enlai , and other leaders of the Chinese Communist Party ( CCP ) during the war , and was with these central Communist leaders at Yan'an . He witnessed first - hand much of what occurred at upper levels of the CCP and knew many of its leaders personally . Later , he was imprisoned in solitary confinement , twice , for a total of 16 years . He was the first American citizen to join the CCP . Rittenberg 's connections and experience have enabled him to run a successful consultancy business representing some of the world 's biggest brands , such as Intel , Levi Strauss , Microsoft , Hughes Aircraft and Teledesic .

Lucien Hubbard ( December 22 , 1888 – December 31 , 1971 ) was a film producer and screenwriter . He is best known for producing Wings , for which he received the first Academy Award for Best Picture . Lucien produced and or wrote ninety - two films over the course of his career . He lived in the same house in Beverly Hills until the day he died ; he was an avid polo player and would frequently ride out of the stables located , in those days , at the rear of his Hillcrest Road property , to Will Rogers ' house in the Palisades ; he also occasionally rode his horse to Paramount Studios where he had been elevated to president shortly after the Academy Award - winning Wings which he produced , was released . This film helped director William A. Wellman 's rise into major studio films . Before coming to Los Angeles , he was night editor of The New York Times . He had written five screenplays on the side and decided one day to travel to Hollywood to see if he could sell any of them ; he sold three and in 1923 , his career was launched . A film he loved was entitled The Vanishing American and it was the first film to portray the Indian in a favorable light ; he received an award from the Cherokee nation for this film . He discovered and mentored many talents over the life of his career and was known as a very generous man with a sharp eye for good writers . He had two daughters , Betty and Janet and a brother , Harlan Hubbard , who became a renowned artist and writer , who advocated simple living .

Sino Group ( ) is a property company in Hong Kong . The Group comprises private holding companies owned by the Ng Family , and three publicly listed companies that include Tsim Sha Tsui Properties Limited , Sino Land Company Limited , and Sino Hotels ( Holdings ) Limited . Sino Group 's core business is developing residential , office , industrial and retail properties for sale and investment purposes . It also invests in hotel development , as well as hotel and club management . The company has around 10,000 employees , with a significant presence in Singapore . Its sister company , Far East Organization , is Singapore 's largest private property developer . More than 700 properties are built by Far East in Singapore . Yeo Hiap Seng , another sister company , specialises in the food and beverage business in Asia . Yeo Hiap Seng also has real estate development interests in Singapore and other markets .

Ignazio Cerio ( 1841 – 1921 ) was an influential but eccentric physician and amateur philosopher on the island of Capri , in Italy . His father , imprisoned for his liberal beliefs , had spent his time in jail devising chemical concoctions and mechanical constructions that would never be made ; Ignazio continued the family traditions of both liberalism and idiosyncratic inventiveness . Ignazio even coined the word disutilità to refer to a human life lacking a sense of purpose but full of tension and reflection , mixing passionate pursuit of ideas with periods of lovesickness and ennui . He worked for fifty years as a medical doctor on Capri , a profession he followed with his characteristically unconventional flair . On one occasion , for example , he established a sanitorium at Pozzuoli , claiming that the sulphurous gases would cure tuberculosis . The only patient to arrive at the sanitorium rejected the doctor 's contention that both sulphur and arsenic would be good for the health . Nevertheless , he remains a well - remembered and much - loved figure on the island of Capri , his memory immortalised both in the writings of his son , Edwin Cerio ( particularly in La vita a la figura de un uomo ( 1921 ) ) and in the cultural Centro Caprense Ignazio Cerio , established in his name to organise conferences and meetings on medicine , Italian and foreign literature , archaeology , palaeontology , and international and local history . Palazzo Cerio , close to the Piazzetta , hosts the Ignazio Cerio museum about Capri 's natural history .

Victoria Rodríguez (; born 22 April 1995 in Durango City ) is a Mexican tennis player . Rodríguez has won seven singles and 13 doubles titles on the ITF tour in her career , as well as one WTA 125 K series doubles final . She reached her best singles ranking of world number 216 on 16 November 2015 , and her best doubles ranking of 122 on 27 November 2017 . That will change , however , once her results from the two latest tournaments at Hua Hin are included in the ranking system . Rodríguez made her WTA tour debut at the 2013 Abierto Mexicano Telcel , partnering Marcela Zacarías in doubles . The Mexican pair won their first round match against fellow Mexican wild cards Ximena Hermoso and Ana Sofía Sánchez , only to lose in the quarterfinals to the Spanish 4th seeds Lourdes Domínguez Lino and Arantxa Parra Santonja , who went on to win the title . Playing for Mexico at the Fed Cup , Rodríguez has a win – loss record of 5–6 .

Zhurnal Dlya Vsekh ( , Journal For Everybody ) was a Russian monthly magazine published in Saint - Petersburg in 1895 - 1906 . Concentrating on literature and poetry , it also had popular science , history and travel sections . The unusually low price ( just one ruble for a year 's subscription ) contributed to its popularity . Viktor Mirolyubov who came to Zhurnal Dlya Vsekh in 1898 as its publisher and editor gathered around himself an impressive team of regular contributors , including Anton Chekhov , Maxim Gorky , Alexander Kuprin , Leonid Andreyev , Vikenty Veresayev , Yevgeny Chirikov , Konstantin Balmont and Alexander Khakhanov . By 1903 the magazine 's circulation had raised to 80 thousand . Zhurnal Dlya Vsekh was closed by the Russian authorities in autumn 1906 , after it published several reports on the industrial unrest throughout Russia . In 1922 - 1925 Krasny Zhurnal Dlya Vsekh was published in Leningrad . The 1928-founded magazine Zhurnal Dlya Vsekh in 1930 changed its name to Proletarsky Avangard .

Helper is a city in Carbon County , Utah , United States , about southeast of Salt Lake City and northwest of the city of Price . It is known as the " Hub of Carbon County " . The population was 2,201 at the 2010 census . The city is located along U.S. Route 6/U.S. Route 191 , a shortcut between Provo and Interstate 70 , on the way from Salt Lake City to Grand Junction , Colorado . It is the location of the Western Mining and Railroad Museum , a tourist attraction that also contains household and commercial artifacts illustrating late 19th and early 20th - century living conditions . While the city revenue has fluctuated in recent years , traffic tickets have become an important source . Utah legislature proposed a bill in 2016 to limit amounts received by local governments from traffic fines .

The First Amendment Center supports the First Amendment and builds understanding of its core freedoms through education , information and entertainment . The center serves as a forum for the study and exploration of free - expression issues , including freedom of speech , of the press and of religion , and the rights to assemble and to petition the government . Founded by John Seigenthaler , the First Amendment Center is an operating program of the Freedom Forum and is associated with the Newseum and the Diversity Institute . The center has offices in the John Seigenthaler Center at Vanderbilt University in Nashville , Tennessee , and at the Newseum in Washington , D.C. The center 's programs , including the Religious Freedom Education Project at the Newseum , provide education and information to the public and groups including First Amendment scholars and experts , educators , government policy makers , legal experts and students . The center is nonpartisan and does not lobby , litigate or provide legal advice . The center 's website is a source of news , information , and commentary in the nation on First Amendment issues . It features daily updates on news about First Amendment - related developments , as well as detailed reports about U.S. Supreme Court cases involving the First Amendment , and commentary , analysis and special reports on free expression , press freedom and religious - liberty issues .

Alan Lawrence Passarell ( April 22 , 1950 – September 29 , 1986 ) was a Canadian politician who served as a Member of the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia representing the riding of Atlin from 1979 to 1986 . He was in the New Democratic Party until October 1985 , when he switched to the British Columbia Social Credit Party . Passarell lived in a log cabin without a telephone . Before becoming a politician , he was a school principal . In 1979 , he won his seat by one vote . As a MLA , he was known for advocating positions for Northern British Columbia . He garnered headlines for his tall tale about fighting a grizzly bear . Passarell died when a plane he was on crashed into Dease Lake .

Christmas pudding is a type of pudding traditionally served as part of the Christmas dinner in the UK , Ireland and in other countries where it has been brought by British emigrants . It has its origins in medieval England , and is sometimes known as plum pudding or just " pud " , though this can also refer to other kinds of boiled pudding involving dried fruit . Despite the name " plum pudding , " the pudding contains no actual plums due to the pre - Victorian use of the word " plums " as a term for raisins . The pudding is composed of many dried fruits held together by egg and suet , sometimes moistened by treacle or molasses and flavoured with cinnamon , nutmeg , cloves , ginger , and other spices . The pudding is usually aged for a month or more , or even a year ; the high alcohol content of the pudding prevents it from spoiling during this time .

Surrealist cinema is a modernist approach to film theory , criticism , and production with origins in Paris in the 1920s . The movement used shocking , irrational , or absurd imagery and Freudian dream symbolism to challenge the traditional function of art to represent reality . Related to Dada cinema , Surrealist cinema is characterized by juxtapositions , the rejection of dramatic psychology , and a frequent use of shocking imagery . Philippe Soupault and André Breton ’s 1920 book collaboration Les Champs Magnétiques is often considered to be the first Surrealist work , but it was only once Breton had completed his Surrealist Manifesto in 1924 that ‘ Surrealism drafted itself an official birth certificate.’ The first Surrealist film was The Seashell and the Clergyman from 1928 , directed by Germaine Dulac from a screenplay by Antonin Artaud . Other films include Un Chien Andalou and L'Age d'Or by Luis Buñuel and Salvador Dalí ; Buñuel went on to direct many more films , with varying degrees of Surrealist influence .

Gett : The Trial of Viviane Amsalem ( ) is a 2014 internationally co - produced drama film directed by Ronit Elkabetz and Shlomi Elkabetz . It was screened as part of the Directors ' Fortnight section of the 2014 Cannes Film Festival . It was also screened in the Contemporary World Cinema section at the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival . The film was selected as the Israeli entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 87th Academy Awards , but was not nominated . It was nominated for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 72nd Golden Globe Awards . The film is the third in a trilogy focusing on the unhappy marriage of Viviane Amsalem , the first being To Take a Wife and the second Shiva .

El Lado Oscuro ( en : " The Dark Side " ) is the second studio album by power metal band DarkSun , released in 2004 . The band entered the studios at the end of 2003 . Just like El Legado , this album was recorded in Germany , with Ingo Cjavkoski in the production . This time the band had Dennis Ward on mixings . ( who was better known for his work with Angra ) , and Lars Ratz ( from Metalium ) assisted on the vocals production . Once again the reviews were as good as they could possibly be , like " ... it 's a varied work , where power and heavy metal alternate and mi " , and " El Lado Oscuro is a really good power metal album " . Peavy Wagner ( of Rage fame ) performed vocals on a song , which was released as a bonus track on the album , entitled " Prisoners of Fate " .

The Bastille Day military parade , also known as the 14 July military parade , translation of the French name of Défilé militaire du 14 juillet , is a French military parade that has been held on the morning of 14 July each year in Paris since 1880 , almost without exception . The parade passes down the Champs - Élysées from l'Arc de Triomphe to Place de la Concorde where the President of the French Republic , his government and foreign ambassadors to France stand . This is a popular event in France , broadcast on French TV , and is one of the oldest regular military parades in the world . In some years , invited detachments of foreign troops take part in the parade and foreign statesmen attend as guests . Smaller military parades are held in French garrison towns ( such as Marseille , Toulon , Brest , or Belfort ) .

Olga Barabanschikova (; ; born 2 November 1979 ) is a former professional Belarusian tennis player . Barabanschikova 's highest WTA singles ranking is 49th , which she reached on 2 March 1998 . Her career high in doubles was at 81 set at 19 October 1998 . Barabanschikova was also a spokesperson in the final of the Eurovision Song Contest 2008 , announcing the televotes of Belarus . Barabanschikova was born in Minsk . She married her longtime domestic partner , Luanne , in 2008 . They currently reside between Los Angeles , CA and Europe . Since retiring from tennis , Olga has participated in a variety of projects , including music videos and a television show in her native Belarus called " Time of Sport " . She recently partnered with Natasha Zvereva at the World Beach Tennis Championship in Rome .

Nitin Bose ( 26 April 1897 – 14 April 1986 ) was an Indian film director , cinematographer and screenwriter of the nation 's film industry . He was born in Calcutta and died in the same city . In the 1930s and early 1940s , he worked with New Theatres , who made bilingual movies : in both Bengali and Hindi . Later , he moved to Bombay and directed under the banners of Bombay Talkies and Filmistan . The first use of playback singing in Indian films occurred in films directed by Bose in 1935 : first in Bhagya Chakra , a Bengali film , and later the same year in its Hindi remake , Dhoop Chhaon . His most well - known work is Ganga Jamuna .

The Japan Evangelistic Band ( JEB ) , or ' Kyodan Nihon Dendo Tai ' ( 日本伝道隊 ) in Japanese , is an evangelical Christian group founded in England in 1903 with the original aim to " initiate and sustain evangelistic work among Japanese wherever they are found " . Within thirty years the organisation grew to 180 workers from many countries , but most of them from Japan . The JEB 's primary field was the Kansai region of South West Japan and the island of Shikoku but missionaries worked among Japanese living on the West Coast of Canada and the USA , and in the UK . In 1999 the organisation in the UK adopted the name Japan Christian Link for their operations in the UK , while work in Japan continue under the name of JEB .

Hydrozagadka ( ) is a Polish superhero comedy film . During a summer heat wave , all the water in Warsaw is puzzlingly disappearing . Scientists secretly call upon As ( Ace ) , a superhero who passes his days living as a mild - mannered engineer , to try to solve the mystery . It turns out that a mystery Maharaja is in league with Doctor Spot to steal Poland 's water and take it to the Maharaja 's country . The movie was ostensibly created as a Communist parody of the American ideals glorified in Superman and other superhero films , however Polish audiences instead felt that the film humorously parodied aspects of Polish life under Communist rule , such as the many slogans for a " better life . " Hydrozagadka premiered on 30 April 1971 on Polish television .

The Government of the Autonomous Republic of Abkhazia ( ) is an administration recognized by Georgia as the legal and only government of Abkhazia . Abkhazia has been de facto independent of Georgiathough with very little international recognitionsince the early 1990s . Vakhtang Kolbaia , elected in April 2013 , is the current head of the government - in - exile . After the War in Abkhazia ( 1992 – 1993 ) Georgia proposed five - party talks involving the Government of the Autonomous Republic , the government of the de facto authorities of Abkhazia , and the government of Georgia , along with Russia and the UN as interested parties , in order to settle the final status of Abkhazia within the framework of the Georgian state . The Abkhaz side wanted assurances that Georgia would not try to solve the issue by force of arms before being a party to the talks . Between September 2006 and July 2008 , the Georgian recognized government was headquartered in Upper Abkhazia . However it was forced out of all of Abkhazia in August 2008 during the Russo - Georgian war by the Abkhazian armed forces . Upper Abkhazia is a territory that has population of c. 2,000 ( 1 - 1.5 % of Abkhazia 's post - war population ) and is centered on the upper Kodori Valley ( roughly 17 % of the territory of the former Abkhaz ASSR ) . The government - in - exile is partly responsible for the affairs of some 250,000 internally displaced persons who were forced to leave Abkhazia following the War in Abkhazia and the resulting ethnic cleansing of Georgians from the area .

Totes Isotoner Corporation ( stylized totes»ISOTONER ; often referred to as Totes ) is an international umbrella , footwear , and cold weather accessory supplier . The company is based in Cincinnati , Ohio , USA . Totes is the largest supplier of umbrellas in the world with divisions in the United States , Canada , UK , and France . Investcorp and Freeman Spogli & Co. The company sells products under totes , ISOTONER , and ESNY brands . Totes branded products include umbrellas , rubber footwear , ponchos , rain hats , and travel bags . Several licensed gift and boot products also carry the totes brand name . ISOTONER branded items include winter gloves , hats , and slippers . Mostly known for private label footwear , ESNY , now part of totes»ISOTONER , includes branded products such as flip - flops , sandals , and ESNY Occasions wedding footwear . Totes , ISOTONER , and ESNY branded products are carried by most national retailers in the United States , Canada , and Europe .

The Castro Theatre is a popular San Francisco movie palace which became San Francisco Historic Landmark # 100 in September 1976 . Located at 429 Castro Street , in the Castro district , it was built in 1922 with a Spanish Colonial Baroque façade that pays homage — in its great arched central window surmounted by a scrolling pediment framing a niche — to the recently rebuilt basilica of Mission Dolores nearby . Its designer , Timothy L. Pflueger , also designed Oakland 's Paramount Theater and other movie theaters in California in that period . The theater has over 1,400 seats ( approx 800 downstairs and 600 in the balcony ) . The theater 's ceiling is the last known leatherette ceiling in the United States and possibly the world . Another leatherette ceiling was demolished just a few years ago . To make the ceiling look as though it is leather requires a special technique regarded as lost today .

Miina Turunen ( born 1973 in Kouvola , Finland ) is a Finnish actress . Turunen attended , a school in Helsinki which specialises in the performing arts , and graduated from the Theatre Academy Helsinki in 1997 with a Master 's in theatre arts . She began her professional career in 1996 , starring in the film Sirpaleita , and starred in the 2003 film Sibelius working with Finnish director Timo Koivusalo and actors such as Martti Suosalo , Heikki Nousiainen and Seela Sella . She has also appeared in many theatrical roles , including Sarasvatin hiekkaa with the Espoo City Theatre , an adaptation by the Finnish National Theatre of A Tale of Love and Darkness by Amos Oz . and as narrator in an adaptation she herself made for the Nukketeatterikeskus Poiju puppet theatre of " The Happy Prince " by Oscar Wilde .

Pictured Rocks National Lakeshore is a U.S. National Lakeshore on the shore of Lake Superior in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan , United States . It extends for 42 miles ( 67   km ) along the shore and covers . The park has extensive views of the hilly shoreline between Munising and Grand Marais in Alger County , Michigan , with picturesque rock formations , waterfalls , and sand dunes . Pictured Rocks derives its name from the 15 miles ( 24   km ) of colorful sandstone cliffs northeast of Munising . The cliffs reach up to 200 feet ( 60 m ) above lake level . They have been naturally sculptured into a variety of shallow caves , arches , and formations resembling castle turrets and human profiles . Near Munising , visitors can also visit Grand Island , most of which is included in the separate Grand Island National Recreation Area . The U.S. Congress designated Pictured Rocks the first National Lakeshore in the United States in 1966 . It is governed by the National Park Service ( NPS ) , with 22 year - round NPS employees as of May 2006 , and received 476,888 visitors in 2005 .

Ozu and screenwriter Kōgo Noda wrote the script in 103 days , loosely basing it on the 1937 American film , Make Way for Tomorrow , directed by Leo McCarey . Noda suggested adapting the film , which Ozu had not yet seen . Ozu used many of the same cast and crew members that he had worked with for years . Released in Japan in 1953 , it did not immediately gain international recognition and was considered " too Japanese " to be marketable by Japanese film exporters . It was screened in London in 1957 where it won the inaugural Sutherland Trophy the following year , and received praise from US film critics after a 1972 screening in New York City . Tokyo Story is widely regarded as Ozu 's masterpiece and is often cited as one of the greatest films ever made . In 2012 , it was voted the best film of all time in a poll of film directors by Sight & Sound magazine .

Ring of Fire is a left - wing syndicated American talk radio program hosted by Robert F. Kennedy , Jr. , Mike Papantonio , Sam Seder , and Farron Cousins . The four hosts focus on " exposing Wall Street thugs , environmental criminality , corporate media failure , and political back stories that you will rarely find from any other source " . The show has been on the air since 2004 and is currently carried on 43 radio stations across the United States . Kennedy is an attorney who specializes in environmental law ; Papantonio is also an attorney specializing in mass torts litigation , who served as the president of the National Trial Lawyer Association in 2012 , and is senior partner at the Levin Papantonio Law Firm , a large Florida based law firm that specializes in pursuing civil lawsuits against high profile and often powerful defendants . Seder is an actor , comedian , director and political commentator who hosts The Majority Report , originally on Air America Radio with Janeane Garafalo and currently as an independently produced podcast . In 2013 , the show expanded into a television program airing weeknights on Free Speech TV , hosted by Papantonio and Cousins .

AIDAblu is a Sphinx - class cruise ship , operated by the German cruise line , AIDA Cruises . AIDAblu is the seventh ship in the cruise line . The vessel was delivered by Meyer Werft to its owners last 4 February 2010 . She is a sister ship to AIDAdiva , AIDAbella , AIDAluna with a half deck more , and is followed by similar AIDAsol and AIDAmar . She has a passenger capacity of 2,050 . The name of AIDAblu had been used for a former AIDA ship from 2004 - 2007 . AIDA Cruises ' parent company , Carnival Corporation & plc , then transferred the ship to another cruise line . , Ocean Village , and was renamed Ocean Village Two . In 2009 , Ocean Village Two was again transferred to another cruise line , P&O ; Cruises Australia , also a Carnival daughter company , and was renamed Pacific Jewel .

Francesc Xavier Bultó Marquès ( Barcelona , 17 May 1912 – Barcelona , 3 August 1998 ) , popularly known as Paco Bultó , was a Catalan businessman , founder of Montesa Honda along with Peter Permanyer and Bultaco . He was born into a family of Catalan bourgeoisie dedicated mainly to textiles . He is known as a motorcycle engineer and designer . In the first company , Permanyer was the businessman and manager , and Bultó had experience of motorcycles . They produced light bikes with two - stroke engines , which outperformed heavier English bikes with four - stroke engines . In 1958 Spanish government demanded some cuts from industry , and Permanyer wanted to abandon the sport bike branch . Bultó coined his famous motto " market follows the chequered flag " and left the company . Together with some former employees he started his own venture called Bultaco . The first model , Bultaco Tralla 101 , came to the market 1959 . The bikes were manufactured at Bultó family farm , and his children acted as test drivers for all prototypes . Francisco Xavier Bultó died on August 5 , 1998 , at age 86 .

Anton Vladimirovich Antonov - Ovseyenko (; 23 February 1920 , Moscow , RSFSR – 9 July 2013 , Moscow , Russia ) was a Russian historian and writer . Born on 23 February 1920 , he was the son of a Bolshevik military leader Vladimir Antonov - Ovseyenko . In 1935 , he joined the historical faculty of the Moscow State Pedagogical Institute . In 1938 , he was expelled from Komsomol and the institute wherein , however , he was reinstated in the same year . He was arrested in 1940 and spent 13 years in labor camps . Antonov - Ovseyenko is best known for his biography of Lavrentiy Beria and he also wrote several books . Antonov - Ovseyenko operated a state museum on the Gulag , for which the Moscow administration provided a building in August 2001 . When he died in 2013 , he was still working two full days a week to continue documenting what he called " the evils of the Soviet era " and to help with plans for a new , larger space .

William Emmanuel Bevan , known by his recording alias Burial , is a British electronic musician from South London . Initially remaining anonymous , Burial became the first artist signed to Kode9 's electronic label Hyperdub in 2005 . He released his self - titled debut album , which drew inspiration from UK rave music and pirate radio culture , to acclaim in 2006 ; it was named the album of the year by The Wire . Burial 's second album , Untrue , was released to further critical acclaim in 2007 . In 2008 , Bevan 's identity was revealed by The Independent and confirmed by Hyperdub . He has gone on to collaborate with Four Tet , Massive Attack , Thom Yorke and Zomby in addition to releasing a series of acclaimed long - form EPs , including Kindred ( 2012 ) and Rival Dealer ( 2013 ) . He has remained reclusive , giving few interviews and avoiding public appearances . AllMusic described him as " one of the most acclaimed , influential , and enigmatic electronic musicians of the early 21st century . "

Buḍḍhacarya (; ) , dharma name Upaseṇo (; ) , born as Kiaw Chokchai (; ) , and commonly known as Somdet Kiaw (; " His Holiness Kiaw " ) , was a Thai prelate who was the abbot of Wat Saket and the Acting Supreme Patriarch of Thailand , the effective leader of all Buddhist monks in Thailand . He was appointed Acting Supreme Patriarch in 2005 due to the failing health of the incumbent Supreme Patriarch Nyanasamvara Suvaddhana . He was a monk of the Mahanikaya order , and is of Thai Chinese descent . His appointment provoked severe criticism from Luang Ta Maha Bua ( of the Dhammayuttika Nikaya order ) and Sondhi Limthongkul , who claimed that the appointment created two Supreme Patriarchs and contravened the royal prerogative of King Bhumibol Adulyadej . On 4 March 2005 , Maha Bua even petitioned King Bhumibol Adulyadej to remove all of Kiaw 's royal titles .

The Rankenian Club was an 18th - century society of intellectuals , founded in 1716 or earlier and disbanded some time after 1760 . It is regarded as the most important of the many learned clubs and societies which were an important feature of the Scottish Enlightenment . The Scots Magazine in May 1771 reckoned that " the Rankenians were highly instrumental in disseminating throughout Scotland freedom of thought , boldness of disquisition , liberality of sentiment , accuracy of reasoning , correctness of taste and accuracy of composition . " Its members were to become major figures of the Scottish Enlightenment including : Charles Mackie ( 1688 - 1770 ) , later the first professor of history at the University of Edinburgh ; John Stevenson ( 1695 - 1775 ) , later professor of logic and rhetoric ; George Turnbull ( 1698 - 1748 ) , theologian and professor of moral philosophy at Marischal College , Aberdeen ; Robert Wallace ( 1697 - 1771 ) , theologian and population scientist ; William Wishart ( 1691 - 1753 ) , leading church minister and principal of the University of Edinburgh and Colin MacLaurin ( 1698 - 1746 ) , philosopher and the greatest Scottish mathematician of his day . Another of the group 's members was the surgeon and philosopher George Young ( 1692 - 1757 ) , the only surgeon known to have joined .

Serpentine is a town in north west Victoria , Australia . Located on the Loddon Valley Highway , the town is 201 kilometres north west of the state capital , Melbourne and 51 kilometres north west of the regional centre , Bendigo . Serpentine is in the Shire of Loddon local government area and , including the surrounding state suburb , had a population of 307 at the . The town is named for Serpentine Creek , a tributary of the Loddon River . The creek in turn was named for explorer Thomas Mitchell 's description of the river red gum trees lining the rivers and creeks of the area . Selectors began to take up allotments in 1862 and the townsite was established as Serpentine Creek in 1863 . A Post Office under that name had been open since 1848 , the name being changed to Serpentine in 1917 . It eventually became the seat of the then Shire of East Loddon . Today , Serpentine is a producer of grain and cattle and a popular place for anglers . The Burke and Wills expedition is alleged to have passed the townsite in 1860 while attempting to reach the Gulf of Carpentaria . The town has an Australian Rules football team ( Bears Lagoon - Serpentine ) competing in the Loddon Valley Football League .

The Battle of Mansfield on 8 April 1864 in Louisiana formed part of the Red River Campaign during the American Civil War , when Union forces were attempting to occupy the Louisiana state capital , Shreveport . The Confederate commander , Major General Richard Taylor , chose Mansfield as the place where he would make his stand against the advancing Union army under General Nathaniel Banks . Taylor concentrated his forces at Sabine Crossroads , knowing that reinforcements were nearby . Banks prepared for a fight , though his own army was not fully assembled either . Both sides were reinforced by stages throughout the day . After a brief resistance , the Union army was routed by the Confederates , consisting mainly of units from Louisiana and Texas , reportedly strengthened by hundreds of men breaking parole . The engagement is also known as the Battle of Sabine Crossroads .

Family Affair is an American sitcom that aired on CBS from September 12 , 1966 , to March 4 , 1971 . The series explored the trials of well - to - do engineer and bachelor Bill Davis ( Brian Keith ) as he attempted to raise his brother 's orphaned children in his luxury New York City apartment . Davis 's traditional English gentleman 's gentleman , Mr. Giles French ( Sebastian Cabot ) , also had adjustments to make as he became saddled with the responsibility of caring for 15-year - old Cissy ( Kathy Garver ) and the five - year - old twins , Jody ( Johnny Whitaker ) and Buffy ( Anissa Jones ) . Family Affair ran for 138 episodes in five seasons . The show was created and produced by Edmund Hartmann and Don Fedderson , also known for My Three Sons and The Millionaire .

Strawhead is a play by American writers Norman Mailer and Richard Hannum about Marilyn Monroe . The play is an adaptation of Mailer 's 1980 book Of Women and Their Elegance , an imagined memoir told in Monroe 's voice . Strawhead takes place in New York City during the last few days of Monroe 's life in August 1962 . During this period , she is alone with her memories , most of which revolve around her time living in New York City . The play is primarily composed of a collection of imagined interviews , that never took place , between Monroe and Mailer during Monroe 's last hours . The play made its off - Broadway debut in January 1986 , with Mailer 's wife Norris Church in the cast and his daughter Kate Mailer in the role of Monroe . Kate Mailer also appeared on the April 1986 cover of Vanity Fair as the Monroe character in Strawhead .

Alfred Edward Moffat ( 1863 – 1950 ) was a Scottish musician , composer and collector of music . He was born in Edinburgh on 4 December 1863 . His father was John Moffat , a photographer , and his mother was Sophia Maria Knott . He was educated at Edinburgh Collegiate School in 27 - 28 Charlotte Square , Edinburgh . Moffat studied musical composition in Berlin for five years under Ludwig Bussler . He remained in Berlin for another six years writing for German music publishing firms . He returned to London in the late 1890s , and devoted himself to the rediscovery of British violin players of the late 18th century and earlier . Most significantly , he edited the Schott 's Kammersonaten [ Chamber Sonata ] series , and instigated Novello 's Old English Violin Music series . He was also a Member of the Court of Assistants of the Royal Society of Musicians . He died in Fulham , London on 6 June 1950 aged 86 .

Ruslan Albiertavič Saliej ( Belarusian : Руслан Альбертавіч Салей ; November 2 , 1974 – September 7 , 2011 ) , better known as Ruslan Salei ( Russian : Руслан Альбертович Салей ) , was a Belarusian professional ice hockey player . Salei played 14 seasons in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) for the Detroit Red Wings , Colorado Avalanche , Florida Panthers and the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim , who selected him ninth overall in the 1996 NHL Entry Draft . Salei died on September 7 , 2011 , in the Lokomotiv Yaroslavl plane crash . A Yakovlev Yak-42 passenger aircraft , carrying almost the entire Lokomotiv Yaroslavl team of the Kontinental Hockey League , crashed near Yaroslavl , Russia on its way to Minsk , Belarus , to start the 2011–12 KHL season .

Vito Frazzi ( 1 August 1888 – 7 July 1975 ) was an Italian neo - romantic composer . He was born in San Secondo Parmense , and studied at the Parma Conservatory , where he learnt composition from Guido Alberto Fano . From 1912 to 1958 he taught piano , harmony , counterpoint and composition at the Florence Conservatory ; there he came into contact with Ildebrando Pizzetti , who was director of the conservatory from 1917 to 1923 , and who influenced Frazzi 's compositional style . Frazzi also taught at the Accademia Musicale Chigiana from 1936 to 1963 . His students included Bruno Bartolozzi , Bruno Bettinelli , Valentino Bucchi , Luigi Dallapiccola and Angelo Francesco Lavagnino . He died in Florence on 7 July 1975 .

Peter Merian ( 20 December 1795 , Basel – 8 February 1883 , Basel ) was a Swiss geologist and paleontologist . He studied sciences at the University of Basel , the Academy of Geneva and at the University of Göttingen ( 1815 – 17 ) , where he studied geology under Johann Friedrich Ludwig Hausmann . At Göttingen he became good friends with Bernhard Studer . After obtaining his doctorate , he continued his education in Paris up until 1819 , and then returned to Basel and proceeded to conduct geological studies of the Swiss Jura . In 1820 he was named professor of physics and chemistry at Basel , and during the following year , became director of the Natural History Museum . From 1835 to 1861 , he was an honorary professor of geology and palaeontology at Basel , where three times he served as university rector . In 1838 and 1856 he was president of the Schweizer Naturforschenden Gesellschaft . Known for his scientific investigations of Jura Mountains , he also conducted extensive geological research of the Black Forest , and performed comparison studies of the Germanic and Alpine Triassic stages . During his career , he amassed an impressive collection of fossils , and is credited for developing a classification schema for ammonites . In addition , he made contributions in the fields of meteorology and glaciology .

Malinda Natalia Damgaard , ( born 1 March 1981 ) is a Swedish milliner . She is educated at Tillskärarakademin in Gothenburg . She describes her design as " very technical and stylish " . Damgaard has worked for Philip Treacy in London during four and a half years and is now working in Stockholm . She worked with Lars Wallin , and she did work for Crown Princess Victoria , Princess Madeleine and Princess Estelle . She had made an exhibition in Stockholm with the theme Sugar rush , and in early May 2013 she had an exhibition in Saint Petersburg , Russia under the theme " The Art of Sweden " . In the Swedish version of Elle she was named the 2013 best accessoar designer . In 2013 , Damgaard also hosted an episode of the radio show Sommar i P1 .

Itzhak Fintzi ( Izko Finzi ) ( ) ( born 25 April 1933 ) is a Bulgarian film and stage actor . He was born in Sofia , where he graduated from the dramatic art academy . In the following years he played in a number of theatres , both in the capital city and in other places throughout the country , as well as in many feature films . He is winner of the best actor award of the " Golden Prague " TV films festival ( 1982 ) . His best loved character on the scene is the big Little man - a human being incessantly trampled by Life and the high and mighty , who frequently evokes laughter , but more often the sympathy and compassion of the audience - because of the nobleness , dignity , modesty and selflessness always helping him managed and overcome the vicissitude of his destiny . Undoubtedly , the unusual popularity of Itzhak Fintzi , called by his friends and public by the intimate name of Itzko , is because a good number of Bulgarian people identify , consciously or unconsciously , with his characters . He graduated from the Bulgarian National Academy of Theater and Film Arts in 1955 , and made his debut in the movie " Zvezdi " ( 1959 ) . He is the father of actor Samuel Finzi .

Kevin Durell Edwards ( born October 30 , 1965 ) is a retired American professional basketball player who currently serves as DePaul University men 's basketball team 's director of community , corporate , and professional relations . Edwards was selected by the Miami Heat with the 20th overall pick of the 1988 NBA draft . Edwards was the second ever draft pick in Miami Heat history , behind teammate Rony Seikaly who was selected as the 9th pick in the same draft . He played in 11 NBA seasons for the Heat , New Jersey Nets , Orlando Magic and Vancouver Grizzlies . Edwards best year as a pro came during the 1993–94 season as a member of the Nets , appearing in all 82 games and averaging 14.0 ppg . He had the most points in all of his seasons with the Nets . In his NBA career , Edwards scored a total of 6,596 points in 604 games . He retired as a member of the Grizzlies in 2001 . He has a wife and three children . He played collegiately at DePaul University and Lakeland Community College ( in Kirtland , Ohio ) . After retiring from basketball , Edwards produced movies .

The Court of Justice of the European Free Trade Association States ( more commonly known as the EFTA Court ) is a supranational judicial body responsible for the three EFTA members who are also members of the European Economic Area ( EEA ) : Iceland , Liechtenstein and Norway . As members of the EEA , the three countries have access to the internal market of the European Union . Consequently , they are subject to a number of European laws . Enforcement of these laws would normally be carried out by the European Court of Justice ( ECJ ) , however there were legal difficulties in giving Union institutions powers over non - members so the EFTA Court was set up to perform this role instead of the ECJ . Since September 1995 , the Court has consisted of three judges and six ad - hoc judges . They are nominated by the three members and appointed by their Governments collectively through common accord .

Beyazıt Square ( ) is a square in the district of Fatih , situated in the European part of Istanbul , Turkey . It is officially named Freedom Square ( ) , but is known as Beyazıt Square after the Bayezid II Mosque on one side of it . The Square is the former site of the Forum of Theodosius built by Constantine the Great . On one side of the square is the main entrance of Istanbul University ; the Beyazıt Tower is on the university 's campus and can be seen from the square . The current form of the square was designed by Turgut Cansever . The square has been the site of political protests , including some in 1969 known as Bloody Sunday , and a terrorist attack in 1978 ( Beyazıt Massacre ) . In 1915 twenty Armenian activists were hanged in the square ( The 20 Hunchakian gallows ) .

The Mexican Football Federation ( Femexfut or FMF , ) is the governing body of association football in Mexico . It administers the Mexico national team , the Liga MX and all affiliated amateur sectors , and is in charge of promoting , organizing , directing , spreading , and supervising competitive football in Mexico . The Federation has three operational centres : the Central Office , the High Performance Centre ( , CAR ) and the Training Centre ( , CECAP ) . FEMEXFUT is a member of the CONCACAF and FIFA , therefore it must comply with the statutes , objectives and ideals of world football 's governing body . The Mexican Federation of Football was established on 23 August 1927 under its first president Humberto Garza Ramos . In 1929 it became affiliated with the FIFA , and later became affiliated with CONCACAF in 1961 .

" I Am Woman " is a song performed by American recording artist Jordin Sparks . The up - tempo song was written by Ali Pierre Gaschani , Dean Josiah and Ryan Tedder , who also produced the track . " I Am Woman " premiered online via AOL Music on May 5 , 2011 , and was later officially released in the United States on May 10 , 2011 . The song 's lyrics contain a message towards female empowerment , which talks about different aspects of the lives of women . " I Am Woman " received a positive reception from most music critics , who complimented its differences with any of Sparks ' previous singles , as well as noting its similarities to the sounds of American R&B ; singer Beyoncé .

Maier Zipser , Hungarian rabbi ; born at Balassagyarmat , 14 August 1815 ; died at Rechnitz , 10 December 1869 . He studied in various yeshibot , among his teachers being Wolf Boskowitz and Maier Eisenstadt ; and he acquired a secular education partly through the assistance of Löw Schwab and partly through his own endeavors . In 1844 he was chosen rabbi at Stuhlweissenburg , where , however , he became involved in a controversy with the Orthodox members of the community on account of a divorce which he had granted without a precedent . In his defense he wrote a pamphlet titled Me ha - Shiloaḥ : Rabbinisches Gutachten über Jüdische Ehescheidung ( Budapest , 1853 ) . About 1850 he went to England , where he published a pamphlet titled The Sermon on the Mount , defending Judaism against the parliamentary speeches of Inglis ( London , 1852 ) . In 1858 Zipser was elected rabbi of Rechnitz , and he held this position until his death . In addition to the two pamphlets already mentioned , he published various sermons and made numerous contributions to the Jewish press , especially to the Orient , the Allgemeine Zeitung des Judenthums , and the Neuzeit , winning the reputation of being one of the most scholarly Hungarian rabbis of his day .

Uchylsko is a village in Gmina Gorzyce , Wodzisław County , Silesian Voivodeship , Poland , near the border with the Czech Republic . It has a population of 338 and was first mentioned in a written document in 1229 . It lies approximately south - west of Gorzyce , south - west of Wodzisław Śląski , and south - west of the regional capital Katowice . The village was first mentioned in the document of Pope Gregory IX issued on 26 May 1229 among villages belonging to Benedictine abbey in Tyniec , as Uchilsko . Benedictine abbey in Orlová ( established in 1268 ) in the late 13th century had rights to revenues from three villages in the Castellany of Racibórz , namely Gorzyce , Uchylsko and Gołkowice .

Resogun ( stylized as RESOGUN ) is a voxel - based side - scrolling shoot 'em up video game developed by Finnish developer Housemarque and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation 4 , PlayStation 3 and PlayStation Vita . The PlayStation 4 game was released in North America and Europe in November 2013 and in Japan in February 2014 , while the Vita and PlayStation 3 versions were released in December 2014 . Resogun : Heroes , the first downloadable content ( DLC ) , was released in North America on June 24 , 2014 , while the second DLC , Resogun : Defenders was released in February 17 , 2015 . Resogun draws heavily from the games Defender and Datastorm , and is considered the spiritual successor to Housemarque 's previous shoot 'em up games Super Stardust HD and Super Stardust Delta . In Resogun the player battles enemies and rescues trapped humans in a cylindrical , voxel - based world . The game was well received by video game journalists , who lauded its graphical prowess , fast - paced gameplay , and soundtrack . The game was criticized for its short length and lack of tutorials or explanations for several gameplay elements . Resogun won several awards , and was nominated for Action Game of the Year at the 2014 DICE Awards , and also appeared at the 2014 GDC Choice Awards .

The geography of Antarctica is dominated by its south polar location and , thus , by ice . The Antarctic continent , located in the Earth 's southern hemisphere , is centered asymmetrically around the South Pole and largely south of the Antarctic Circle . It is washed by the Southern ( or Antarctic ) Ocean or , depending on definition , the southern Pacific , Atlantic , and Indian Oceans . It has an area of more than 14 million   km² . Some 98 % of Antarctica is covered by the Antarctic ice sheet , the world 's largest ice sheet and also its largest reservoir of fresh water . Averaging at least 1.6   km thick , the ice is so massive that it has depressed the continental bedrock in some areas more than 2.5   km below sea level ; subglacial lakes of liquid water also occur ( e.g. , Lake Vostok ) . Ice shelves and rises populate the ice sheet on the periphery . In September 2018 , researchers at the National Geospatial - Intelligence Agency released a high resolution terrain map ( detail down to the size of a car , and less in some areas ) of Antarctica , named the " Reference Elevation Model of Antarctica " ( REMA ) .

Brain - Washing : A Synthesis of the Russian Textbook on Psychopolitics , sometimes referred to as The Brainwashing Manual , is a book published in 1955 . It purports to be a condensation of the work of Lavrentiy Beria , the Soviet secret police chief . The book states Kenneth Goff as author . Its true authorship is not clear , the three common hypotheses being : Scientology 's founder L. Ron Hubbard , Kenneth Goff ( alias Oliver Kenneth Goff ) , or both L. Ron Hubbard and Kenneth Goff based on an acquired US agency report . The third hypothesis is questionable as there is not proof that the two men ever knew each other . Claims that L. Ron Hubbard was the author are also dubious as the only source of this claim is his estranged son , L Ron Hubbard Jr. It is also sometimes referred to as The Communist Manual of Psycho - Political Warfare or the Communist Manual of Instructions of Psychopolitical Warfare .

Beautiful Surrender is the eighth album by American Christian worship duo Jonathan David & Melissa Helser , released on September 30 , 2016 , from Bethel Music through Provident Label Group . Ed Cash handled the production of the album , with Brian Johnson and Joel Taylor serving as executive producers . Touted as a " vibrant response " to On the Shores , their 2012 album , Beautiful Surrender was the duo 's first release with Bethel Music since joining the collective in 2014 . The album also included a radio remix of their Dove Award - winning hit single , " No Longer Slaves , " as a bonus track . The album became a breakthrough hit for the Helsers , debuting at No . 1 on the Christian music charts in the US and UK as well as attaining mainstream rankings in the US , Australia , Canada and Norway . Following its release , the album spawned " You Came ( Lazarus ) " as a single , impacting Christian radio in the United States on February 17 , 2017 .

Mohamed Qanyare Afrah ( , ) ( born c. 1941 ) was a Somali faction leader and politician who was based south of Mogadishu in the Daynile District . He came in third position in Somalia 's first election as a federal country on 10th October 2004 and subsequently appointed as Public Security Minister in the government of Prime Minister Mohamed Ali Gedi , He served as Minister of Security in 2006 but was dismissed after ignoring calls by the Prime Minister Ali Mohammed Ghedi to stop fighting forces of the Islamist Courts . He continued to participate actively in Somali political affairs being reelected to the first post transitional federal parliament of Somalia as a member of parliament , he resigned from his seat representing his ( Murusade ) clan in the summer of 2013 , his seat in the Federal Parliament of Somalia was taken over by his son Cabdiweli Mohamed Qanyare .

Christopher John Robert Dugard ( born 23 August 1936 in Fort Beaufort ) , known as John Dugard , is a South African professor of international law . His main academic specializations are in Roman - Dutch law , public international law , jurisprudence , human rights , criminal procedure and international criminal law . He has served on the International Law Commission , the primary UN institution for the development of international law , and has been active in reporting on human - rights violations by Israel in the Palestinian territories . He has written several books on apartheid , human rights , and international law , in addition to coauthoring textbooks on criminal law and procedure and international law . He has also written extensively on South African apartheid .

American country music group Little Big Town has released eight studio albums and 26 singles . Little Big Town released their self - titled debut album on Monument Nashville in 2002 , though they only managed one top 40 hit on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart . They returned in 2005 with The Road to Here , which was released on Equity Music Group . It produced four top 20 hits , including " Boondocks " and " Bring It on Home , " both of which reached the top 10 . They followed it with A Place to Land , though the lead single , " I 'm with the Band " , was unsuccessful and the group was left without a label shortly after the album 's release when Equity folded . Little Big Town was quickly re - signed by Capitol Nashville , who re - released A Place to Land and promoted two more singles from it . In 2010 , Little Big Town scored their first top 10 hit in four years with " Little White Church " , the lead single to their fourth studio album , The Reason Why . Their fifth studio album , Tornado , was released on September 11 , 2012 and lead single " Pontoon " became their first number one hit . The second single , the title track , reached number 2 on the Country Airplay chart in 2013 .

In J. R. R. Tolkien 's legendarium , Amras ( ) is a fictional character , the twin brother of Amrod being the youngest sons of Fëanor and Nerdanel . Through their maternal grandfather Mahtan they inherited red hair ( probably a dark red ) , instead of Fëanor 's black . Amras ' father name in Quenya is Pityafinwë , " Little Finwë " . His mother name is Ambarussa , " Top - russet " , and this refers to his hair . His younger twin Amrod was also called Ambarussa , and they both answered to the name . In Tolkien 's late revisions , the name of the elder twin Ambarussa was " Amros " in Sindarin , instead of the older form " Amras " . The name of the younger twin , Amrod , was the Sindarin version of " Ambarto " . Amras became a hunter , who held the southern lands of the March of Maedhros . Amras survived most of the War of the Jewels , but eventually fell in the Kinslaying of Sirion .

Little Vera ( , Malenkaya Vera ) , produced at the Gorky Film Studio and released in 1988 , is a film by Russian film director Vasili Pichul . The title in Russian is ambiguous and can also mean " Little Faith , " symbolizing the characters ' lack of hope ( or a glimmer thereof ) . The film was the leader in ticket sales in the Soviet Union in 1988 with 54.9 million viewers , and was the most successful Soviet film in the US since 1980 's Moscow Does not Believe in Tears . Part of its popularity was due to being one of the first Soviet movies with explicit sexual scenes . Despite this initial success , the film 's popularity was short - lived . The film 's main character and namesake is a teenage girl , who just having finished school feels trapped in her provincial town . With its pessimistic and cynical view of Soviet society , the film was typical of its time ( perestroika ) , during which many such films , collectively known as the chernukha ( , roughly " black stuff " ) , were released . The film received 6 awards and was nominated for 8 more . Among its wins , it received " Best Actress " for Natalya Negoda at the Nika Awards in 1989 . The film 's director , Vasili Pichul , received the Special Jury Prize at the 1988 Montreal World Film Festival and FIPRESCI Prize at the 1988 Venice Film Festival . The soundtrack 's main theme consists of two songs performed by Sofia Rotaru " Bylo no proshlo " ( It Was , But It Has Gone ) and " Tol'ko etogo malo " ( Only This Is Not Enough ) , " the leitmotif of the perestroika classic Little Vera " .

Hillary Clinton , the nominee of the Democratic Party for president of the United States in 2016 , has taken positions on political issues while serving as First Lady of Arkansas ( 1979 – 81 ; 1983 – 92 ) , First Lady of the United States ( 1993 – 2001 ) ; as U.S. Senator from New York ( 2001 – 2009 ) ; and serving as the United States Secretary of State ( 2009 – 2013 ) . In accordance with longstanding custom , during her time as Secretary of State she largely avoided taking stances on most domestic political issues . In 2015 , she announced her candidacy for the presidency . Clinton won the Democratic primaries and formally became the party 's nominee at the 2016 Democratic National Convention . She lost the electoral college and the 2016 US presidential election to billionaire real estate mogul Donald Trump , despite winning the popular vote by more than 2.8 million votes . Over her career , Clinton has developed a reputation as a " policy wonk " who frequently consults with expert advisors and is deeply involved in the details of policy proposals . By August 2016 , the Clinton campaign had released 38 policy proposals and 65 fact - sheets , totaling 112,735 words .

Rick Barton is the singer , guitarist and songwriter of the band Continental . He previously was the original guitarist for Dropkick Murphys . He played on Boys on the Docks EP , Do or Die , The Gang 's All Here , and the Mob Mentality split album with The Business . Following his departure from the Dropkick Murphys , he was the guitarist for Everybody Out!. Rick was also a member of the early Boston based punk band The Outlets . He recently founded the band Continental , with his son Stephen on bass , Derek Louis on drums and Dave DePrest on guitar . They opened for the Joe Perry Project in 2009 and recently completed a full US tour with The Street Dogs , Devil 's Brigade , Flatfoot 56 and Left Alone . He produced the Street Dogs ' newest self - titled album , released in the Spring of 2010 .

Tarek al - Zumar is an Egyptian Islamist politician and the secretary - general of the Building and Development Party . The party has a non - political wing named al - Gama'a al - Islamiyya . Al - Zumar was a member of Egyptian Islamic Jihad . His cousin is Abbud al - Zumar , who was imprisoned along with him . Al - Zumar was imprisoned in 1984 following the assassination of Anwar Sadat and was released during the Egyptian Revolution of 2011 . Al - Zumar and his cousin received a hero 's welcome when they were released from prison before things turned . On 14 July 2013 Egypt 's prosecutor general Hisham Barakat ordered his assets to be frozen . Afterwards , al - Zumar fled to Qatar .

New Armenian Resistance ( NAR ) was an Armenian militant group known since 1977 which has been responsible for bombings in Belgium , France , Italy and Switzerland . The main targets were Turkish , Soviet , British , and Israeli travel agencies . The New Armenian Resistance first struck in 1977 , detonating a bomb in the Turkish tourism office in Paris . Subsequent attacks targeted Turkish banks in Brussels and London , and airline counters in Brussels and Rome . Following the bombing of Turkish Airlines offices in Brussels in February 1983 , NAR either ceased its operations entirely or perhaps combined with a larger group such as the ASALA . Little is known about the founders and the leaders of the organization . It has been hypothesized that NAR may in fact be an arm of the Armenian Secret Army for the Liberation of Armenia ( ASALA ) for some of its European operations .

Birendra Krishna Bhadra ( ) ( 1905 – 1991 ) was an Indian broadcaster , playwright , actor , reciter and theatre director from Kolkata , and a contemporary of Pankaj Mallick and Kazi Nazrul Islam . He worked for the All India Radio , India 's National Radio broadcaster for several years during its early , starting 1930s , and during this period he produced and adapted several plays . Today , he is most known for his soaring Sanskrit recitation through a two - hour audio program , Mahishashura Mardini ( Annihilator / Destroyer of Mahisasura ) ( 1931 ) , a collection of shlokas and songs broadcast by All India Radio Calcutta ( now Kolkata ) at 4:00 am , in the dawn of Mahalaya . He also acted and directed several plays in Bengali theatre and even wrote screenplay for film , Nishiddha Phal ( 1955 ) .

The Assam Rifles is the oldest of paramilitary force of India . The unit can trace its lineage back to a paramilitary police force that was formed under the British in 1835 called Cachar Levy . Since then the Assam Rifles have undergone a number of name changes — the Assam Frontier Police ( 1883 ) , the Assam Military Police ( 1891 ) and Eastern Bengal and Assam Military Police ( 1913 ) , before finally becoming the Assam Rifles in 1917 . Over the course of its history , the Assam Rifles and its predecessor units have served in a number of roles , conflicts and theatres including World War I where they served in Europe and the Middle East , and World War II where they served mainly in Burma . In the post World War II period the Assam Rifles has expanded greatly as has its role . There are currently 46 battalions of Assam Rifles with a sanctioned strength of 63,747 personnel . It is under the control of the Indian Ministry of Home Affairs ( MHA ) and they perform many roles including the provision of internal security under the control of the army through the conduct of counter insurgency and border security operations , provision of aid to the civil power in times of emergency , and the provision of communications , medical assistance and education in remote areas . In times of war they can also be used as a combat force to secure rear areas if needed . Since 2002 it has been guarding the Indo – Myanmar barrier as per the government policy " one border one force " .

Northern Seminary is a Christian seminary located in Lisle , Illinois , US , near Chicago . It was founded in 1913 by the Second Baptist Church of Chicago as " Northern Baptist Theological Seminary " to prepare students for church leadership , and it continues to represent a theologically conservative alternative within its association with the American Baptist Churches in the USA ( historically the Northern Baptist convention ) . Northern is an evangelical Christian educational institution , affirming the authority of Scripture and emphasizing the importance of fulfilling the mission set forth by Jesus of going forth and spreading the Gospel . It holds full accreditation from the Association of Theological Schools in the United States and Canada . In 2004 Northern 's then - president Charles Moore joined many other Protestant evangelicals in endorsing Roman Catholic film director Mel Gibson 's The Passion of the Christ .

Askar Simitko , alternative spellings use " Asgar " and/or " Smitko " , ( 1953–January 28 , 1995 ) was a Kurdish Iranian spy operating in Turkey . He was found tortured and shot dead by unknown persons in Istanbul . Simitko was born 1953 in Urmia ( West Azarbaijan province ) in Iran as a son of Tahirhan . As of September 1985 , he was dwelling in Istanbul , and along with his father he secured communication between members of the Barzani organization . In the same period , he had connections to persons from the Iranian intelligence organization ( SAVAMA ) , who requested from him to collect information regarding names and activities of followers of the former Shah of Iran Mohammad Reza Pahlavi and members of the People 's Mujahedin of Iran . An official report on the Susurluk scandal authored by Kutlu Savaş , a high - ranking civil servant , states that in addition to his illegal activities , he submitted information on the Iranian government 's opponents causing the execution of many . In 1993 , he applied for asylum in a third country . On January 15 , 1995 , he and his friend Lazım Esmaeili , were abducted by unknown persons when they left the casino of Polat Renaissance Hotel in Yeşilköy , İstanbul at local time 03:45 . On January 28 , 1995 , villagers found the corpses of the two in Kerev Creek , Silivri , about far from İstanbul . They were tortured , ears cut and shot multiple times to death . According to the " Second MIT Report " authored by Mehmet Eymür , the incident 's motive was not political but drug trafficking in connection with the Susurluk scandal gang .

The Bridge River Country is a historic geographic region and mining district in the Interior of British Columbia , Canada , lying between the Fraser Canyon and the valley of the Lillooet River , south of the Chilcotin Plateau and north of the Lillooet Ranges . " The Bridge River " can mean the Bridge River Country as opposed to the Bridge River itself , and is considered to be part of the Lillooet Country , but has a distinct history and identity within the larger region . As Lillooet is sometimes considered to be the southwest limit of the Cariboo , some efforts were made to refer to the Bridge River as the " West Cariboo " but this never caught on . Though essentially consisting of the basin of the Bridge River and its tributaries , the Bridge River Country includes the communities of D'Arcy , McGillivray Falls , Seton Portage and Shalalth , which lie in the valley of Seton and Anderson Lakes and the Gates River just to the south , are also considered to be part of the Bridge River Country , and also simultaneously of the Lillooet Country . After the 1930s the term " Bridge River - Lillooet " came into currency as a result of the chosen masthead of the fledgling Bridge River - Lillooet News , which served the town and environs of Lillooet as well as the mining towns of the upper Bridge River .

Joseph Matthäus Aigner ( 18 January 1818 , Vienna19 February 1886 , Vienna ) was an Austrian portrait painter , who studied under Friedrich von Amerling and Carl Rahl . He painted portraits of Franz Joseph I of Austria and his wife Elizabeth , Franz Grillparzer , Friedrich Halm , Nikolaus Lenau , and Maximilian I of Mexico . In 1847 he married actress Fanny Matras ( 1828 – 1878 ) . As commander of the Academic Legion during the 1848 revolutions in Vienna , Aigner was court - martialed for high treason and condemned to death . However , Alfred I , Prince of Windisch - Grätz pardoned him . According to Ripley 's Believe It or Not ! , a Capuchin monk , whose name Aigner never knew , saved his life three times , when he attempted to hang himself at ages 18 and 22 and when he was sentenced to death . Aigner successfully committed suicide with a pistol in Vienna in 1886 , and the same monk presided over his funeral .

Ahmed Djoghlaf ( born 25 November 1953 in Algiers ) , was the Executive Secretary of the Convention on Biological Diversity under the United Nations Environment Programme ( UNEP ) until 2012 . As Executive Secretary of the Convention , he had a key role in the field of sustainable development and protection of global biodiversity . He was formerly the Assistant Executive Director of UNEP and Director of the Division of the Global Environment Facility Coordination . He studied at , among others , the Nancy - Université , France ( PhD in political sciences ) , St. John 's University , New York ( Master of Arts , Government and Politics ) , Université Lille Nord de France ( Master of Political Sciences and Information Sciences ) and the University of Algiers ( Law degree ) . He is a Councillor of the World Future Council .

Darksiders is a hack and slash action - adventure video game developed by Vigil Games and published by THQ . The game takes its inspiration from the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse , with the player taking the role of the horseman War . The game was released for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 on January 5 , 2010 in North America , January 7 in Australia , January 8 in Europe , and March 18 in Japan . The Microsoft Windows version was released in North America and Australia on September 23 , and in Europe on September 24 . A parallel sequel , Darksiders II , was released on August 14 , 2012 . A remastered version of the game titled Darksiders : Warmastered Edition was released on November 22 , 2016 for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One and on November 29 , 2016 for Microsoft Windows . A Wii U version was released on May 23 , 2017 .

The Upper Galilee ( , HaGalil Ha'Elyon ; , Al Jaleel Al A'alaa ) is a geographical - political term in use since the end of the Second Temple period , originally referring to a mountainous area straddling present - day northern Israel and southern Lebanon , its boundaries being the Litani River in the north , the Mediterranean Sea in the west , the Lower Galilee in the south , from which it is separated by the Beit HaKerem Valley , and the upper Jordan River and the Hula Valley in the east . According to 1st - century historian , Josephus , the bounds of Upper Galilee stretched from Bersabe in the Beit HaKerem Valley to Baca ( Peki'in ) in the north . The said region contains approximately 180 square miles . In present - day Israeli terminology , the toponym is mainly used in reference to the northern part of the Galilee situated under Israeli sovereignty , i.e. without the part of Southern Lebanon up to the Litani River , while also excluding the corresponding stretches of the Coastal Plain to the west and Jordan Rift Valley to the east , which are considered separate geographical entities .

The General People 's Committee ( , al - lajna ash - sha'biyya al-'āmma ) , often abbreviated as the GPCO , was the executive branch of government during the era of the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya . It served as the intermediary between the masses and government leadership and was composed of a general secretary and twenty secretaries of some 600 local " basic popular congresses " ( BPC ) , GPCO members were elected by the country 's parliament , the General People 's Congress , and had no fixed terms . It was the rough equivalent of the cabinet in many republics , constitutional democracies , and constitutional monarchies , as well as the Executive Board of the rival National Transitional Council , which ultimately replaced the jamahiriya as Libya 's dominant force as a result of the Libyan Civil War . The GPCO was scattered by the fall of Tripoli in August , with some of its members fleeing into exile , some becoming prisoners of war , and some remaining in Libya .

" Because You Left " is the television season premiere of the American Broadcasting Company 's fifth season of the serial drama television series Lost . The episode is the 87th episode of the show overall , and was written by executive producers / show runners Damon Lindelof and Carlton Cuse and directed by co - executive producer Stephen Williams . It first aired on January 21 , 2009 , on ABC in the United States and was simulcast on A in Canada . It aired immediately after a clip - show that recaps the first four seasons and aired back - to - back with the next episode , " The Lie " . In 2007 , Jack Shephard and Benjamin Linus start their quest to reunite the " Oceanic 6 " . Hugo " Hurley " Reyes and Sayid Jarrah are ambushed at their safehouse . Sun - Hwa Kwon is confronted by Charles Widmore . Kate Austen and Aaron Littleton flee from their home after being ordered to submit a maternity test . At the island , James " Sawyer " Ford , Daniel Faraday , Juliet Burke , Charlotte Lewis , Miles Straume , John Locke , and the other survivors of Oceanic 815 left on the island erratically travel through time upon the island 's move . " Because You Left " averaged 11.347 million viewers in the United States , and received good reviews , praising the writing and the unraveling of new elements .

Stahlmusik is the debut album of the German Industrial band Einstürzende Neubauten . One of the earliest and rarest Neubauten albums , Stahlmusik was recorded live - to - tape in a pillar of the Stadtautobahn Bridge in West Berlin on June 1 , 1980 , and was released on cassette in October via Blixa Bargeld 's " Eisengrau " shop , where the earliest incarnations of the band would often rehearse . Musically , the sound of the album is more conventional than the band 's next album , Kollaps , mainly because of percussionist N.U. Unruh had not yet abandoned his drum - kit for the miscellaneous scrap metal of later releases ; The songs are more akin to the material on the double 7 " Schwarz , released prior to Kollaps but nearly a year after Stahlmusik , in particular , the EP 's title track . A version of " Für den Untergang " from these sessions appeared as " Stahlversion " on the B - side of the Für den Untergang 7 " , and was later reissued on Strategies Against Architecture 80 - 83 .

The Saint in Europe is a collection of short stories by Leslie Charteris , first published in 1953 by The Crime Club in the United States and in 1954 by Hodder and Stoughton in the United Kingdom . This was the 29th book to feature the adventures of Simon Templar , alias " The Saint " , and it also marked a resumption of the book series after a five - year hiatus . The publication of this book also marked the 25th anniversary of the character . The Saint in Europe marked the beginning of the " travelogue " era for The Saint . Continuing with the theme started by The Saint in New York , The Saint in Miami , and The Saint Goes West , the stories in this and the following two volumes take place in different exotic locales around the world . As such , it is the first Saint book since the 1938 short story collection The Happy Highwayman to not be primarily set in the United States . By this time , however , Templar 's British origins have been obscured and he is referred to as an American at least once .

The Helsinki County Prison ( " Helsingin lääninvankila " in Finnish ) in the Helsinki city quarters of Katajanokka functioned as a prison from 1837 to 2002 . It was established in 1837 by Tsar Nikolai I by the side of the Helsinki Crown Prison , which had operated from 1749 . When completed , the prison had 12 cells , two rooms for guards and a worship room which still exists , is protected and has been used for church weddings . The prison area was surrounded by a high red brick wall . The prison was extended in 1888 by a cell block in the form of a cross , in the classical Philadelphia model ; the old part of the prison was converted to an administrative building . The prison continued functioning after Finnish independence . During the Second World War , the prison was directly hit by . One guard was killed , a fire started and five prisoners used the opportunity to escape . At the end of the war , some well known convicts from the War - responsibility trials in Finland were kept here , including President Risto Ryti , Prime Minister Väinö Tanner . The Estonian - born writer Hella Wuolijoki . was there for high treason during World War II . Another inmate of note was Martta Koskinen , a seamstress and communist spy convicted of high treason , and executed by a firing squad on September 29 , 1943 . She was the last woman executed in Finland . During its last years , Helsinki County Prison functioned as a remand prison , i.e. , arrested suspects were kept there awaiting trial . To reflect this , in 2001 the prison was renamed Helsinki Remand Prison . Also prisoners were kept that had failed to pay fines to which they had been sentenced . In 2002 , prison operations ceased completely with the completion of the new . The building was renovated within the constraints of being a protected landmark and was re - opened in 2007 as a hotel .

The Historical and Literary Society , ( Polish : Towarzystwo Historyczno - literackie , French : Société historique et littéraire polonaise – SHLP ) a successor organisation to the Literary Society , was founded in Paris in 1832 as a Polish political and cultural association by a group that included Alexandre Walewski , Napoleon 's natural son and future minister of foreign affairs of Napoleon III . Its founding chairman was Adam Jerzy Czartoryski and from 1861 , his son , Wladyslaw Czartoryski . The society 's original aim was " to collect and publicise materials relating to the former Kingdom of Poland , its current circumstances and future prospects , in the context of maintaining and encouraging in the opinion of nations the sympathy they have directed towards Poland . It found not only sympathy but support and practical assistance in the higher échelons of French society . It is co - owner of the Polish Library in Paris

Russell Boyd ACS ASC ( born 21 April 1944 ) is an Australian cinematographer . He rose to prominence with his highly praised work on Picnic at Hanging Rock ( 1975 ) , the first of several collaborations with director Peter Weir . He is also a member of the Australian Cinematographers Society ( ACS ) and the American Society of Cinematographers ( ASC ) . Boyd served as cinematographer for Tender Mercies , a 1983 film about an alcoholic country singer played by Robert Duvall . Boyd largely utilized available light to give the film a natural feeling which director Bruce Beresford said was crucial to the movie . Actress Tess Harper said Boyd was so quiet during filming that he mostly used only three words : " Yeah , right and sure . "

Simone Martini ( – 1344 ) was an Italian painter born in Siena . He was a major figure in the development of early Italian painting and greatly influenced the development of the International Gothic style . It is thought that Martini was a pupil of Duccio di Buoninsegna , the leading Sienese painter of his time . According to late Renaissance art biographer Giorgio Vasari , Simone was instead a pupil of Giotto di Bondone , with whom he went to Rome to paint at the Old St. Peter 's Basilica , Giotto also executing a mosaic there . Martini 's brother - in - law was the artist Lippo Memmi . Very little documentation of Simone 's life survives , and many attributions are debated by art historians .

Deathbird Stories : A Pantheon of Modern Gods is a 1975 collection of short stories by American author Harlan Ellison , written over a period of ten years ; the stories address the theme of modern - day " deities " that have replaced the older , more traditional ones . The collection , with its satirical , skeptical tone , is widely considered one of Ellison 's best . The book includes a 1973 introduction and a stern caveat lector page advising the reader against enjoying the volume in one sitting . The title of the book comes from " The Deathbird " , the nineteenth and last story in the collection . The collection includes three major award - winners , including " The Whimper of Whipped Dogs " , which won the Edgar Award ; " " , which won the Hugo Award ; and " The Deathbird " , another Hugo Award winner . Early editions have illustrations by Leo and Diane Dillon .

Kelly Williams Brown ( born August 6 , 1984 in Covington , Louisiana ) is a New York Times - bestselling American writer and author . She is commonly credited with inventing the word " adulting " , which refers to the small actions that together comprise maturity . She graduated from Loyola University New Orleans with a degree in print journalism , then worked as a features writer and columnist for the Hattiesburg American in Hattiesburg , Mississippi ; New Orleans CityBusiness and the Salem , Ore. Statesman Journal . Her first book , " Adulting : How to Become A Grown - Up in 468 Easy(ish ) Steps " , published in 2013 by Grand Central Publishing , was a New York Times - bestseller and developed into a sitcom with JJ Abrams ' Bad Robot . After the option was picked up by Pacific Standard , Reese Witherspoon included it in her book club . Her second book , Gracious : A Practical Primer on the Art of Charm , Tact and Unsinkable Strength was published in 2017 by Rodale Books .

Viva Macau Airlines was a Macanese long - haul , low - cost carrier based at Macau International Airport . The airline operated flights to Australia and Asia . In March 2010 , Viva Macau was forced to suspend operations after the Macau government suddenly ordered Air Macau to cancel its sub - concession agreement with Viva Macau , alleging that Viva Macau failed to adequately assist passengers affected by flight delays and cancellations . The government then quickly revoked Viva Macau 's Air Operator 's Certificate saying that without a sub - concession , the airline was not compliant with the requirements for public air transport services . The action is currently under appeal in the Macau courts and has raised questions for foreign investors regarding Macau 's regulatory environment .

Patrick Martin ( born May 23 , 1983 ) , is an American retired professional wrestler , better known by the ring name Alex Shelley . He is best known for working for Impact Wrestling as one half of The Motor City Machine Guns with Chris Sabin . He first gained fame on the independent circuit working for Ring of Honor ( ROH ) , as well as in Japan , for Pro Wrestling Zero1-Max . He has also worked for New Japan Pro - Wrestling , where he is a former three - time IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Champion . Aside from wrestling , he is the lead singer of a rock band called The High Crusade , which includes his friends and fellow wrestlers Chris Sabin and Petey Williams .

myki ( ) is a reloadable contactless smartcard ticketing system used on public transport in Victoria , Australia . The system is promoted by Public Transport Victoria and is valid on most public transport services in Melbourne and regional Victoria . The system was developed by Kamco ( Keane Australia Micropayment Consortium ) . The initial 10-year contract was worth approximately A$ 1.5 billion , described by The Age as " the [ world 's ] biggest for a smartcard ticketing system " . The myki card is a re - usable , credit card - sized , contactless smartcard that stores value which can be used as payment for public transport fares . Ticketing requirements for trains , trams and buses in Melbourne are mainly contained in the Transport ( Ticketing ) Regulations 2006 and the Victorian Fares and Ticketing Manual .

, stylised as sakanaction , are a Japanese rock band from Sapporo , Hokkaido , Japan . Their music is a fusion of alternative rock , electronic , pop , and new wave styles , and is thus difficult to classify under one category . The band consists of five members : Ichiro Yamaguchi , Motoharu Iwadera , Ami Kusakari , Emi Okazaki , and Keiichi Ejima . The name Sakanaction is a portmanteau of " sakana " ( " fish " ) and " action " . In the band 's own words , their name reflects a wish to act quickly and lightly , like fish in the water , without fearing changes in the music scene . They are enjoying increasing popularity , having hit mainstream success with their records consistently achieving positions within the Top 10 on Japan 's Oricon charts .

Alfred John Kennett Todd ( 13 April 1890 – 27 August 1970 ) was a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom . He was elected at the 1929 general election as Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Berwick - upon - Tweed . In May 1935 , Todd resigned the whip of the National Government , along with Frederick Wolfe Astbury , Joseph Nall , Linton Thorp and Katharine Stewart - Murray , Duchess of Atholl , as they claimed that some aspects of government policy were too close to socialism , and were unhappy with government policy on India . However , Todd continued to identify with the Conservative Party , and took the whip again in September , to show support for the Government during the Abyssinia Crisis . Todd lost his seat in a narrow defeat at the 1935 general election by the Liberal candidate Sir Hugh Seely . He did not stand for Parliament again . His grandson Mark Todd is a Labour Party politician , elected in 1997 as MP for South Derbyshire .

The Stephen Mather Wilderness is a wilderness area honoring Stephen Mather , the first director of the National Park Service . It is located within North Cascades National Park , Lake Chelan National Recreation Area , and Ross Lake National Recreation Area in the North Cascade Range of Washington , United States . It is bordered by the Pasayten Wilderness to the northeast , the Mount Baker Wilderness to the northwest , the Noisy - Diobsud Wilderness to the west , the Glacier Peak Wilderness to the southwest , and the Lake Chelan - Sawtooth Wilderness to the southeast . The North Cascades National Park Complex consists of three units which make up Stephan Mather Wilderness : North Cascades National Park , which boasts acres of designated wilderness ; Ross Lake National Recreation Area , a slim piece of land just east of the park that has acres of designated wilderness ; and Lake Chelan National Recreation Area , at the southeast corner of the park , with of designated wilderness .

The Oruanui eruption of New Zealand 's Taupo Volcano , the world 's most recent supereruption , had a Volcanic Explosivity Index of 8 . It is one of the largest eruptions in the history of New Zealand . It occurred about 26,500 years ago in the Late Pleistocene and generated approximately of pyroclastic fall deposits , of pyroclastic density current ( PDC ) deposits ( mostly ignimbrite ) and of primary intracaldera material , equivalent to of magma , totaling of total deposits . The eruption is divided into 10 different phases on the basis of nine mappable fall units and a tenth , poorly preserved but volumetrically dominant fall unit . Modern - day Lake Taupo ( and 186 m deep ) partly fills the caldera generated during this eruption . A structural collapse is concealed beneath Lake Taupo , while the lake outline at least partly reflects volcano - tectonic collapse . Early eruption phases saw shifting vent positions ; development of the caldera to its maximum extent ( indicated by lithic lag breccias ) occurred during phase 10 . The Oruanui eruption shows many unusual features : its episodic nature , wide range of depositional conditions in fall deposits of very wide dispersal , and complex interplay of falls and pyroclastic flows . Tephra from the eruption covered much of the central North Island , with ignimbrite up to deep . Ashfall affected most of New Zealand , with even an ash layer deposited on the Chatham Islands , away . Later erosion and sedimentation had long - lasting effects on the landscape , and caused the Waikato River to shift from the Hauraki Plains to its current course through the Waikato to the Tasman Sea .

A grid cell is a type of neuron in the brains of many species that allows them to understand their position in space . Grid cells were discovered in 2005 by Edvard Moser , May - Britt Moser and their students Torkel Hafting , Marianne Fyhn and Sturla Molden at the Centre for the Biology of Memory ( CBM ) in Norway . They were awarded the 2014 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine together with John O'Keefe for their discoveries of cells that constitute a positioning system in the brain . The arrangement of spatial firing fields all at equal distances from their neighbors led to a hypothesis that these cells encode a cognitive representation of Euclidean space . The discovery also suggested a mechanism for dynamic computation of self - position based on continuously updated information about position and direction . In a typical experimental study , an electrode capable of recording the activity of an individual neuron is implanted in the cerebral cortex of a rat , in a section called the dorsomedial entorhinal cortex , and recordings are made as the rat moves around freely in an open arena . For a grid cell , if a dot is placed at the location of the rat 's head every time the neuron emits an action potential , then as illustrated in the adjoining figure , these dots build up over time to form a set of small clusters , and the clusters form the vertices of a grid of equilateral triangles . This regular triangle - pattern is what distinguishes grid cells from other types of cells that show spatial firing . By contrast , if a place cell from the rat hippocampus is examined in the same way ( i.e. , by placing a dot at the location of the rat 's head whenever the cell emits an action potential ) , then the dots build up to form small clusters , but frequently there is only one cluster ( one " place field " ) in a given environment , and even when multiple clusters are seen , there is no perceptible regularity in their arrangement .

, son of Duke Nobusuke , was a Japanese researcher of trains . He was a descendant of Tokugawa Yoshinao and consequently was born into an aristocratic family , but , like all Japanese aristocrats , lost his title with the post - war legal reforms of 1947 . He worked at TEI Park , a railroad museum in Tokyo . He married the third daughter of Emperor Hirohito , Princess Kazuko ; they adopted a son from Ogyū - Matsudaira , Naotake . On 28 January 1966 , Toshimichi Takatsukasa was found dead of carbon monoxide poisoning at the apartment of his mistress , Michiko Maeda , a Ginza nightclub hostess , who also died of the same cause . While the official cause of death was attributed to a faulty heater , there was widespread speculation in the Japanese press that it was really a double suicide , caused by his inability to divorce and marry the woman he loved .

Bedtime for Bonzo is a 1951 American comedy film directed by Fred de Cordova , starring Ronald Reagan , Diana Lynn , and Peggy as Bonzo . It revolves around the attempts of the central character , psychology professor Peter Boyd ( Reagan ) , to teach human morals to a chimpanzee , hoping to solve the " nature versus nurture " question . He hires a woman , Jane Linden ( Lynn ) , to pose as the chimp 's mother while he plays father to it , and uses 1950s - era child rearing techniques . This film is one of the most remembered of Reagan 's acting career and renewed his popularity as a movie star for a while . Reagan , however , never even watched the film until 1984 , when he had already served his first term as 40th President of the United States . A sequel was released called Bonzo Goes to College ( 1952 ) , but featured none of the three lead performers from the original . Peggy died in a zoo fire two weeks after the premiere of Bedtime for Bonzo ; another chimp was hired for the second film whose name really was " Bonzo " . Reagan did not want to work on the second film , as he thought the premise was silly .

Corcovado Volcano ( ) is a stratovolcano located about south of the mouth of Yelcho River , in the Palena Province , Los Lagos Region , Chile . The glacially eroded volcano is flanked by Holocene cinder cones . The volcano 's base has likely prehistoric lava flows that are densely vegetated . The most distinctive feature of this volcano is its stepped top , similar to that of Puntiagudo Volcano . At its foot lies a series of beautiful lakes . Corcovado dominates the landscape of Gulf of Corcovado area and is visible from the Chiloé Island , weather allowing . The volcano and the adjacent area form part of Corcovado National Park . The town of Chaitén was formerly the main gateway to this protected area , but much of the town was destroyed by an eruption of Chaitén Volcano and mudflow in 2008 .

The Arctic is a vast polar region comprising the northern most parts of Canada , Norway , Greenland ( Denmark ) , Sweden , Finland , the United States ( Alaska ) , Iceland and Russia . In recent years , the Arctic has been at the forefront of political and social issues . Several matters have risen surrounding the issues of poverty and global warming and their effects on indigenous people in this region . Indigenous people in the Arctic statistically fall below their nation 's poverty line . Indigenous populations that were once largely self - sufficient and relatively food secure in the Arctic 's harsh environment are today struggling to sustain themselves as a result of poverty and also the impacts of climate change . Currently , they are facing an overwhelming number of issues in relation to poverty including cultural loss , high rates of chronic illness and chronic disease , mental health disorders , lack of basic health needs and housing shortages . In Canada 's arctic region , for example , infant mortality rate is 3.5 times higher than the national rate while life expectancy is 12 years lower . In Greenland , life expectancy is 70 years for women and 65 years for men whereas in Denmark life expectancy for women is 80.59 and 75.8 for men . Specifically , in the territory of Nunavut , unemployment rates range from 15 to 72 % . In 2010 , 9.9 % of Alaskan households fell below their respective poverty thresholds .

" Mi Chico Latino " ( English : " My Latin Boy " ) , is a song recorded by English singer Geri Halliwell for her debut solo album Schizophonic ( 1999 ) . It was written by Halliwell , Andy Watkins and Paul Wilson , whilst produced by the latter two , who are known collectively as Absolute . " Mi Chico Latino " was released as the album 's second single on 16 August 1999 , by EMI . It is a Latin pop song which is centred on a lost love theme . The song was written by Halliwell in order to pay homage to her mother , who has Spanish background , whilst it also has a number of Spanish lyrics . " Mi Chico Latino " received mixed reviews from music critics , who noted it was a contribution to the Latin pop phenom at the time , while others criticized Halliwell 's Spanish pronunciation . The song was a commercial success in the United Kingdom , debuting at number one on the UK Singles Chart , becoming Halliwell 's first number - one solo single in the country . The song also attracted moderate success worldwide . " Mi Chico Latino " 's accompanying music video was directed by Doug Nichol and filmed in Sardinia . It depicts the singer wearing a black bikini and dancing with semi - nude male dancers . In order to promote the single , Halliwell performed the song on Top of the Pops and Party in the Park in 1999 .

The Calgary Canadians were a junior ice hockey team that played in Calgary , Alberta , Canada . In 1924 , they became the first team from Alberta to play for the Memorial Cup , and in 1926 , the first to win it . In 1924 , the Canadians won the Western Canadian championship , the Abbott Cup , for the first time . They went on to face the Owen Sound Greys , Eastern Canada 's champion in a two - game , total - goal series in Winnipeg , Manitoba . The Greys won the first game 5 – 3 , and tied the second 2–2 to win the Memorial Cup . The Canadians returned two years later to face off against Queen 's University in the 1926 Memorial Cup . This time , the tournament was a best of three games format , again held in Winnipeg . After splitting the first two games , the Canadians won the third game 3 - 2 . , they remain the only Memorial Cup champion to come from Calgary .

Simon Luhrs ( born 18 June 1970 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the Brisbane Bears in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) . Luhrs , a zone selection in the 1989 VFL Draft , was a member of the Queensland team which defeated Victoria in 1991 . Towards the end of the 1991 AFL season he broke into the seniors for the first time and was also a full - back in the reserves premiership team . While primarily a key defender , Luhrs was also used as a ruckman on occasions . After leaving Brisbane he began playing for Central District in the SANFL . He got his second chance to play AFL football when he was picked up by Hawthorn in the 1994 Mid - season Draft . Luhrs however did n't play a senior game for Hawthorn and finished his career at Central District .

Salmo aphelios is a species of trout , a salmonid fish endemic to Lake Ohrid in Macedonia and Albania in the Balkans . S. aphelios is one of four different forms of the Ohrid trout complex within the single lake , along with S. balcanicus , S. letnica , and S. lumi . The various trout forms , which have been suggested to be different species , are distinguished by their breeding time and habitat , by which they in practice are thought to be reproductively isolated from each other . Genetic data have not supported their distinction , though . S. aphelios specifically spawns from May to July near the underwater springs on the eastern shore of the lake , at the Macedonian - Albanian border area . Its flesh is typically of orange colour . Overall , the Ohrid trouts are silvery in colour , with black dots . Red dots occur along the lateral line . S. aphelios can grow to 40   cm long .

Seyed Mohammad Sadegh Kharazi (; born 2 March 1963 ) is a former Iranian diplomat and advisor to Iran 's former President Khatami . Kharazi started his career in 1983 during the Iran – Iraq War in the High Defence Council and the IRIB . He subsequently became Iran ’s ambassador to the United Nations in 1989 and after a period of six years he returned to Iran as Deputy Foreign Minister for Research . He became Iran ’s Ambassador to France in 2002 until 2006 when Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was elected into office . Kharazi was the chairman of the 1997 Tehran OIC Summit . He was also a key figure in the two - year nuclear negotiations with the EU trio . Kharazi has a keen interest in calligraphic and historical manuscripts and is an avid collector of such items . He is a member of the board of several Iranian cultural , educational and research centers , including Tehran University , the Cultural Heritage Organization of Iran , and the National Library of Iran . Currently , Kharazi works closely with Mohammad Khatami on the issue of dialogue amongst civilizations and is his senior advisor . He is the co- founder of the ‘ Encyclopedia of Contemporary Islam’ that researches the cultural and political movements and schools of thought of Iran in the past two centuries . Additionally he is the founder and editor of the Iranian Diplomacy website , the Iranian Economy website and Heritage of Iran and Islam website .

William Duane ( 1760 – 1835 ) was an American journalist . Born in Champlain , New York , he moved to Calcutta in 1788 , and founded the Bengal Journal in 1791 . Later that year , after the Governor - General of India John Shore , 1st Baron Teignmouth shut down the Bengal Journal for a libel against the French royalist government in exile in Calcutta , Duane founded his second newspaper , The World . He was deported for a libel in this newspaper in 1794 and emigrated to the United States where he founded the Aurora . According to the Historical Society of Pennsylvania , Thomas Jefferson attributed his presidential victory to this paper . Jefferson named Duane a lieutenant colonel , and by the War of 1812 he was an adjutant general . He died in Philadelphia in 1835 . William John Duane was his son .

Reading is a popular pastime in North Korea , where literacy and books enjoy a high cultural standing , elevated by the regime 's efforts to disseminate propaganda as texts . Because of this , writers are held in high prestige . The partition of Korea following the Second World War led to a considerable cross - border movement , which included writers moving from North to South or from South to North . North Korea 's subsequent literary tradition was shaped and controlled by the State . The " Guidelines for Juche Literature " , published by the official Choson Writers ' Alliance ( ) , emphasised that literature must extoll the country 's leader , Kim Il - sung , and , later , Kim Jong - il . Only members of the Writers ' Alliance are authorised to have their works published .

Taneli Jarva is a Finnish musician / tattoo artist born in Oulu , Northern Finland . He is a professional tattoo artist at Tatuata in Helsinki . Jarva is best known as the vocalist / bassist in metal heavyweight Sentenced . He left the group in 1995 , because he did not like the melodic direction of the band , and decided to move on to other projects . Ten years later , on Sentenced 's last live gig in 2005 in Oulu , Jarva joined his former band mates once more to perform five songs from his time with the band . In 1998 , Jarva formed The Black League , which he considers his " brainchild and life 's work " . The Black League published five studio albums . The band was active until October 2014 , when Jarva decided to call it quits due to " loss of personal inspiration " . He has not totally left the music scene . Currently , he plays bass in Then Came Bronson , a Helsinki - based rock group . Formerly , he was also the bassist for Impaled Nazarene ( 1992 – 1996 ) and vocalist in the old school death metal band Chaosbreed ( 2003 – 2005 ) .

Pietro Caruso ( born 10 November 1899 in Maddaloni – died 22 September 1944 in Rome ) was an Italian Fascist and head of the Italian police during the final part of World War II . Together with Herbert Kappler , the German Gestapo chief in Rome , Caruso organised the massacre in Fosse Ardeatine on 24 March 1944 as revenge for an attack the day before by Italian partisans on a column of German soldiers in Rome . 335   people , many of them belonging to a Communist military resistance group , were shot during the massacre . One of the victims , Maurizio Giglio , had been one of Caruso 's own lieutenants , but had been arrested seven days earlier as a secret agent working for the Allies through OSS . After Italy 's liberation from the German occupation , Caruso was tried for his numerous crimes , sentenced to death and executed by firing squad by the Carabinieri in the courtyard of the Fort Bravetta in Rome .

Mehdi Bazargan (; 1 September 1907 – 20 January 1995 ) was an Iranian scholar , academic , long - time pro - democracy activist and head of Iran 's interim government , making him Iran 's first prime minister after the Iranian Revolution of 1979 . He resigned his position as prime minister in November 1979 , in protest at the US Embassy takeover and as an acknowledgement of his government 's failure in preventing it . He was the head of the first engineering department of University of Tehran . A well - respected religious intellectual , known for his honesty and expertise in the Islamic and secular sciences , he is credited with being one of the founders of the contemporary intellectual movement in Iran .

Paul Ardenne ( born 4 October 1956 ) is Professor of history at the University of Amiens , and is also an art critic and a curator in the field of contemporary art . He grew up in a family of farmers from Charente ( for a while he , too , worked in farming ) , he studied literature , history and philosophy at the University of Poitiers and University of Toulouse , before completing a doctorate in history of art with Laurence Bertrand Dorléac at the University of Paris I ( Contemporary Fine Art – Forms and Constraints ) . In Paris , he encountered the future contemporary art curator , Ami Barak , as well as Catherine Millet , founder / director of Art Press and José Alvarez , director of the publishing label Regard , three figures whose positions on aesthetics influenced his own views .

Gottfried Semper (; 29 November 1803 – 15 May 1879 ) was a German architect , art critic , and professor of architecture , who designed and built the Semper Opera House in Dresden between 1838 and 1841 . In 1849 he took part in the May Uprising in Dresden and was put on the government 's wanted list . Semper fled first to Zürich and later to London . Later he returned to Germany after the 1862 amnesty granted to the revolutionaries . Semper wrote extensively about the origins of architecture , especially in his book The Four Elements of Architecture from 1851 , and he was one of the major figures in the controversy surrounding the polychrome architectural style of ancient Greece . Semper designed works at all scales , from major urban interventions like the re - design of the Ringstraße in Vienna , to a baton for Richard Wagner . His unrealised design for an opera house in Munich was adapted by Wagner for the Bayreuth Festspielhaus .

Under the Influence is the sixth studio album by American rock band Warrant released in 2001 . The album is a covers album with two original new tracks , " Face " and " Sub Human " . The band toured in support of the album with Poison in the summer of 2001 on the Glam Slam Metal Tour which was cut 3 weeks short due to back injuries sustained by Poison bassist Bobby Dall . The cover of AC / DC 's " Down Payment Blues " features guitarist Billy Morris on lead vocals . Morris was the band 's newest lead guitarist , replacing Keri Kelli , who was only in the band for 8 months after replacing Rick Steier in early 2000 . The album also features Mike Fasano , who became the band 's newest in a long line of drummers . The album is also the last to feature vocalist Jani Lane , as the band 's next release - Born Again features ex - Black ' n Blue vocalist Jaime St. James .

Drivdalen is a river valley located in the municipality of Oppdal in Trøndelag county , Norway . The valley surrounds the river Driva . The European route E6 and the Dovre Line follow the river through much of the valley . The valley is the site of the " Old Kings ' Road " , Vårstigen , with Kongsvoll being one stop along the road . The valley runs north through Oppdal , and then at the mountain Allmannberget and the village of Oppdal , the valley ( and river ) turns west and heads into the neighboring municipality of Sunndal , where it is known as the Sunndalen valley . The Dovrefjell – Sunndalsfjella National Park lies southwest and east of the valley . Drivdalen is known for its lush vegetation and is of special botanical importance with a number of rare species and varieties .. In the southernmost part , where the valley starts at Dovrefjell is found the Kongsvoll Alpine Garden of the NTNU University Museum .

Ger " Redser " O'Grady ( born 1979 in Thurles , County Tipperary ) is an Irish sportsperson . He plays hurling with his local club Thurles Sarsfields and is a former member of the Tipperary senior inter - county team . Ger O'Grady was born in Thurles , County Tipperary in 1979 . He was educated locally and plays his club hurling with Thurles Sarsfields . He was captain of the team in 2005 when they won their first County Senior Hurling title in thirty - one years . O'Grady has played for Tipperary at minor , Under-21 & Intermediate level , winning a Munster Under-21 medal as a substitute in 1999 . O'Grady made his competitive debut for the Tipperary senior hurlers in the 2003 National League against Offaly . Later that year he made his Championship debut against Laois in the All - Ireland Qualifiers .

Frank George Wisner II ( born July 2 , 1938 ) is an American businessman and former diplomat . He is the son of CIA official Frank Wisner ( 1909 – 1965 ) . On January 31 , 2011 , he was sent to Egypt by President Barack Obama to negotiate a resolution to the popular protests against the regime that had swept the country . A White House spokesman said that Wisner had vast experience in the region as well as close relationships with many Egyptians in and out of government . The New York Times reports that he is a personal friend of Egyptian president Hosni Mubarak . Speaking on the BBC on February 5 , 2011 , he exceeded statements issued by the White House to date and insisted that President Mubarak should be allowed to remain in office despite widespread calls for him to step down . He works as an international - affairs advisor at the firm of Squire Patton Boggs in Washington , DC .

High priest ( kohen gadol ; with definite article ha'kohen ha'gadol , the high priest ; Aramaic kahana rabba ) was the title of the chief religious official of Judaism from the early post - Exilic times until the destruction of the Second Temple in Jerusalem in 70 CE . Previously , in the Israelite religion including the time of the kingdoms of Israel and Judah , other terms were used to designate the leading priests ; however , as long as a king was in place , the supreme ecclesiastical authority lay with him . The official introduction of the term " high priest " went hand in hand with a greatly enhanced ritual and political significance bestowed upon the chief priest in the post - Exilic period , certainly from 411 BCE onward , after the religious transformations brought about by the Babylonian captivity and due to the lack of a Jewish king and kingdom . The high priests belonged to the Jewish priestly families that trace their paternal line back to Aaron , the first high priest of Israel in the Hebrew Bible and elder brother of Moses , through Zadok , a leading priest at the time of David and Solomon . This tradition came to an end in the 2nd century BCE during the rule of the Hasmoneans , when the position was occupied by other priestly families unrelated to Zadok .

The Texas Flood World Tour was a concert tour in North America and western Europe , undertaken by American blues rock band Stevie Ray Vaughan and Double Trouble from 1983 to 1984 . The band had released their debut album , Texas Flood , a week prior to the tour 's beginning . Their sensational talent was demonstrated during a trip to Switzerland in 1982 , when they held a jam session with Jackson Browne in a downstairs bar after playing at the Montreux Jazz Festival . Aware of the future opportunities that might accumulate from their performance and the first unsigned act on the festival , Browne offered Vaughan and Double Trouble free use of his personal studio to record Texas Flood . Throughout the tour , the group 's career status escalated as their performances continuously amazed and stunned their audiences . The first leg of the tour took the band to the United States and Canada , and then on to Europe where they toured for two weeks . They then returned to North America , where during a leg that lasted more than three months Vaughan and Double Trouble opened for Men at Work and The Moody Blues . The band then moved on to the Mid - Atlantic , where they concluded the leg before returning to the studio in January 1984 , although the tour resumed the following month . The final leg incorporated recurring stops in several cities and a visit to Hawaii , before the band 's return home in late February . The commercial success of the tour , though significant , did not alter the band 's modesty , and they continued in this career mindset . However , the tour enabled the group to experience the overseas concert circuit , and gave them massive exposure . In the case of Vaughan this would be ongoing through subsequent tours in the ensuing seven years , before his death in a helicopter crash in August 1990 .

Albertosaurines , or dinosaurs of the subfamily Albertosaurinae , lived in the Late Cretaceous of United States and Canada . The subfamily was first used by Philip J. Currie , Jørn H. Hurum and Karol Sabath as a group of tyrannosaurid dinosaurs . It was originally defined as " ( Albertosaurus + Gorgosaurus ) " , including only the two genera . The group is sister clade to Tyrannosaurinae . In 2007 , it was found that the group also contained Maleevosaurus , often synonymized with Tarbosaurus . However , this classification has not been accepted , and Maleevosaurus is still considered a juvenile Tarbosaurus or Tyrannosaurus . Clevenger T. M. McLain found in an abstract , that Alioramus , commonly used as a derived tyrannosauroid , was an albertosaurine , or the sister taxon to the group .

Marlo Chandler is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics . Created by writer Peter David , she first appeared in The Incredible Hulk # 347 ( September 1988 ) , and became an ongoing supporting character , first in that book , and later in the Captain Marvel series published between 1999–2004 . She is the wife of Rick Jones , a perennial sidekick to the Incredible Hulk , and was a best friend to Betty Ross , the wife of Hulk 's alter ego Bruce Banner . In keeping with her introduction during a storyline in which the Hulk was involved with organized crime , Marlo 's name combines the surnames of fictional detective Philip Marlowe ( e.g. Marlo ) and his creator Raymond Chandler .

Edward Kilenyi , Jr. ( 1910 – 2000 ) was a classical pianist . He was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania on May 7 , 1910 . Kilenyi , Jr. studied in Hungary with the composer / pianist Ernő Dohnányi at the Franz Liszt Academy of Music , earning a diploma in 1930 . He later became a Professor of Music at Florida State University in Tallahassee , Florida in 1953 , four years after Dohnanyi began teaching there . He died on January 6 , 2000 . A collection of recordings of his concerts is located at the International Piano Archives at the University of Maryland ( IPAM ) . His father , Edward Kilenyi , Sr . ( 1884 – 1968 ) , also a noted musician , arrived in the United States from Hungary in 1908 . Kilenyi , Sr . taught music to George Gershwin for five years and wrote music for the Sam Fox Publishing Company and over 40 movies from the 1910s-1940s .

St. Brendan 's Park ( ) is a GAA stadium in Birr , County Offaly , Ireland . It is one of the main grounds of Offaly 's Gaelic football and hurling teams . The ground has a capacity of 5,500 . Prior to the development of O'Connor Park in Tullamore , the ground was the base of Offaly hurling and played host to intercounty competitions and to the Offaly hurling county final . Most Offaly games have since transferred to Tullamore . The site was also the venue of the 1971 All - Ireland Senior Hurling Championship semi - final between Tipperary and Galway . 15,022 crammed into the venue to watch Tipperary see off Galway in a high scoring match . St. Brendan 's Park is also located close to the site of the venue of the first All- Ireland Hurling Final which was between Thurles representing Tipperary and Meelick representing Galway in 1887 .

John M. Paxton Jr. ( born June 25 , 1951 ) is a retired United States Marine Corps general who served as the 33rd Assistant Commandant of the Marine Corps . Prior to current assignment , he served as the Commanding General of U.S. Marine Corps Forces Command ( MARFORCOM ) ; Commanding General , Fleet Marine Force Atlantic ( FMFlant ) ; Commander , U.S. Marine Corps Forces Europe , as well as II Marine Expeditionary Force . Paxton retired on August 4 , 2016 , after 42 years of service . Previously , Paxton was Director , J3 - Operations , The Joint Staff and Chief of Staff , Multinational Forces - Iraq . U.S. Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates announced on March 13 , 2008 , Paxton 's nomination for appointment to the rank of lieutenant general , and for assignment as Director , Strategic Plans & Policy , J-5 , The Joint Staff . On May 22 , 2007 , Paxton relinquished command of the 1st Marine Division to take the role of Chief of Staff for Multi - National Force - Iraq .

Sergey Semyonovich Sobyanin (; born 21 June 1958 ) is a Russian politician . He has served as Mayor of Moscow from October 2010 to 5 July 2013 , and was re - elected Mayor in the September 2013 city election . Sobyanin previously served as the Governor of Tyumen Oblast ( 2001—2005 ) , Deputy Prime Minister of Russia ( 2005 - 2008 in Mikhail Fradkov 's Second Cabinet ) and Head of the presidential administration ( 2008 - 2010 ) . Sobyanin is a member of the ruling United Russia political party , and is elected to its higher governing bodies , current member of presidium of Regional Council of the United Russia in Moscow and the head ( political council secretary ) of the party ’s Moscow branch from March 2011 to December 2012 . He is considered to be a close ally to Russian billionaire businessman Vladimir Bogdanov , Director General of Surgutneftegaz . As the Mayor of Moscow , Sobyanin has gradually relaxed the massive construction projects of his predecessor , for which he has won acclaim for the " most sane piece of city planning in years . " As Mayor , Sobyanin created of numbers TV and radio channels and newspapers , owned and controlled by Moscow Government . And he has also won praise for his efforts in combatting corruption . At the same time , Sobyanin was criticized for the banning of gay parades in the city , for which was strongly condemned by LGBT groups .

Lee Hsien Loong (; Tamil : லீ சியன் லூங் ; born 10 February 1952 ) is a Singaporean politician serving as the third and current Prime Minister of Singapore since 2004 . He took over the leadership of the People 's Action Party ( PAP ) when former Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong stepped down from the position to become the new Senior Minister . Lee then led his party to victory in the 2006 , 2011 and 2015 general elections . He began his current term on 15 January 2016 following the opening of Singapore 's 13th Parliament . Lee is the eldest son of Singapore 's first Prime Minister , Lee Kuan Yew . Lee graduated from Trinity College , Cambridge University , as Senior Wrangler in 1974 ( gaining a Diploma in Computer Science with distinction as well ) and later earned a Master of Public Administration at Harvard 's Kennedy School of Government . From 1971 to 1984 , he served in the Singapore Armed Forces where he rose to the rank of brigadier general . He won his first election for Member of Parliament in 1984 , contesting as a member of the People 's Action Party . Under Singapore 's second prime minister , Goh Chok Tong , Lee served as the Minister for Trade and Industry , Minister for Finance and Deputy Prime Minister .

Federal intervention ( ) is an attribution of the federal government of Argentina , by which it takes control of a province in certain extreme cases . Intervention is declared by the President with the assent of the National Congress . Article 6 of the Argentine Constitution states : The federal government intervenes in the territory of the provinces to guarantee the republican form of government or to repel foreign invasions , and upon request of its authorities created to sustain or re - establish them , if they have been deposed by sedition or by the invasion of another province . Upon intervention , the branches of the provincial government are dissolved , and the federal government must appoint a new authority ( called interventor ) who will serve for a short term until the situation is normalized . The most recent example of intervention took place in 2004 , when President Néstor Kirchner applied it in the province of Santiago del Estero after a wave of grave accusations against governor Mercedes Aragonés de Juárez and her husband , the local caudillo Carlos Juárez .

Friedrich von Duhn ( 17 April 1851 in Lübeck – 5 February 1930 in Heidelberg ) was a German Classical archaeologist who taught at the University of Heidelberg , where he headed the Institut für Klassische Archäologie ( 1879 – 1920 ) ; his most memorable feat was in recognizing scattered fragments of sculpture as the remains of Augustus ' Ara Pacis . He studied at the University of Bonn under Franz Bücheler , Reinhard Kekule von Stradonitz and Hermann Usener , afterwards traveling widely throughout Italy , Sicily and Greece . After teaching classes for only one semester at the University of Göttingen , he relocated to Heidelberg , where he was named a professor of archaeology in 1880 . In 1920 he retired professor emeritus from the University of Heidelberg . In 1906 he published Pompeji , eine hellenistische Stadt in Italien . His masterwork on the funerary arts of ancient Italy , Italische Gräberkunde , was published in 1924 and posthumously in 1939 .

The voyage of the James Caird was a small - boat journey from Elephant Island in the South Shetland Islands to South Georgia in the southern Atlantic Ocean , a distance of . Undertaken by Sir Ernest Shackleton and five companions , it aimed to obtain rescue for the main body of the Imperial Trans - Antarctic Expedition of 1914 – 1917 , which was stranded on Elephant Island after the loss of its ship Endurance . Polar historians regard the voyage as one of the greatest small - boat journeys ever completed . In October 1915 pack ice in the Weddell Sea had sunk Endurance , leaving Shackleton and his companions adrift on a precarious ice surface . Throughout the duration of their survival , the group drifted northward until April 1916 , when the floe on which they had encamped broke up . They then made their way in the ship 's lifeboats to Elephant Island , where Shackleton decided that the most effective means of obtaining rescue would be to sail one of the lifeboats to South Georgia . Of the three lifeboats , the James Caird was deemed the strongest and most likely to survive the journey . Shackleton had named it after Sir James Key Caird , a Dundee jute - manufacturer and philanthropist , whose sponsorship had helped finance the expedition . Before its voyage , the ship 's carpenter Harry McNish strengthened and adapted the boat to withstand the mighty seas of the Southern Ocean . Surviving a series of dangers , including a near capsizing , the boat reached the southern coast of South Georgia after a voyage lasting 16   days . Shackleton and two companions then crossed the island 's mountainous interior to reach a whaling station on the northern side . Here he organised the relief of the Elephant Island party , and the return of his men home without loss of life . After the First World War , in 1919 , the James Caird was moved from South Georgia to England . It has been on regular display at Shackleton 's old school , Dulwich College , since 1922 .

David Zvi Hoffmann ( November 24 , 1843 , Verbó , Austrian Empire – November 20 , 1921 , Berlin ) ( Hebrew : דוד צבי הופמן ) , was an Orthodox Rabbi and Torah Scholar . Born in Verbó in 1843 , he attended various Yeshivas in his native town before he entered the college at Pressburg , from which he graduated in 1865 . He then studied philosophy , history , and Oriental languages at Vienna and Berlin , taking his doctor 's degree in 1871 from the University of Tübingen . His rabbinical training was at the hands of Moshe Schick and Azriel Hildesheimer . Shortly after obtaining his degree , he became employed as a teacher in Samson Raphael Hirsch 's Realschule school in Frankfurt am Main , and in 1873 moved to Berlin to join the faculty of the Rabbinical Seminary of Berlin where he eventually became rector in 1899 after the death of Azriel Hildesheimer .

The Espoo Cathedral ( , ) is a medieval stone church in Espoo , Finland and the seat of the Diocese of Espoo of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland . The cathedral is located in the district of Espoon keskus , near the Espoonjoki river . The oldest parts of the church were completed in the 1480s and it is thus the oldest preserved building in the city . The church became a cathedral in 2004 after the Diocese of Espoo was split off from the Diocese of Helsinki . The cathedral grounds include a graveyard , a vicarage and a parish hall completed in 1995 . In addition to being the seat of the Diocese of Espoo , it serves as the church for the Espoo Cathedral Parish and hosts various concerts and other events including the " Organ Night and Aria " concert series .

Ondřej Polívka ( born May 17 , 1988 in Prague ) is a modern pentathlete from the Czech Republic . He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London , England , along with his teammates David Svoboda , who eventually won a gold medal in the men 's event , and his girlfriend Natálie Dianová in the women 's event . During the men 's competition , Polívka made a disastrous start , with a disappointing score in one - touch épée fencing , but managed to keep his pace in swimming and horse - riding . His best competition result happened in a first ever combined running and pistol shooting , where he set two Olympic records for hitting five shots each in three sessions , with a score of 33.6 target points . Polívka finished the last segment in fourth place , despite his staggered start with a handicapped time and his accomplishment in laser pistol ; however , he finished the event only in fifteenth place . In his sporting career , Polívka took part in several modern pentathlon competitions , and won medals at the World and European Championships . He also led his strong Czech team , including Svoboda and Michal Michalík to claim both gold and silver medals at the 2009 World Modern Pentathlon Championships in London .

Miriam Christine Borg is a Maltese pop and rhythm and blues singer best known for representing Malta in the Eurovision Song Contest 1996 . Miriam Christine was born in Santo Antônio do Descoberto , Goiás , Brazil but raised on the Mediterranean island of Gozo . She took part in various singing festivals before winning the Song for Europe Festival and representing Malta in the 1996 Eurovision Song Contest with the song In A Woman ’s Heart . On the night of the contest , held in Oslo , she was backed by 3 vocalists - one of whom was Georgina Abela , the wife of the composer and a former contestant . In the beginning of the voting Malta was among the top 5 but gradually fell to 10th place with 68 points .

Ottaviano de ' Medici ( 11 July 1484 – 28 May 1546 ) was an Italian politician . He was the ancestor of the Princes of Ottajano line of the Medici family . From a minor branch of the Medici family , he gained prominence through his marriage to Francesca Salviati , a granddaughter of Lorenzo de ' Medici and Ottaviano 's own distant cousin . He held several important positions in Florence , including that of Gonfaloniere di Giustizia , although now a merely formal one after the suppression of the Republic by the Spanish troops in 1530 . He was also Senator from 1532 . He was trusted by Alessandro de ' Medici with administrating the family 's Tuscan estates . His son Alessandro was cardinal and , from 1605 , pope as Leo XI . His other son Bernadetto founded the southern Italian line of the family by acquiring the seigniory of Ottaviano , near Naples .

Raymond Clinton Cole ( August 21 , 1870 – February 8 , 1957 ) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio , brother of Ralph Dayton Cole . Born in Biglick Township , near Findlay , Ohio , Cole attended the common schools and Findlay College , Findlay , Ohio . He taught school nine years . He was graduated from the law department of Ohio Northern University at Ada in 1900 . He was admitted to the bar of Ohio the same year and commenced practice in Findlay , Ohio , in 1901 . He served as member of the Ohio National Guard 1903 - 1913 . He served as city solicitor 1912 - 1916 . Cole was elected as a Republican to the Sixty - sixth , Sixty - seventh , and Sixty - eighth Congresses ( March 4 , 1919 – March 3 , 1925 ) . He served as chairman of the Committee on Elections No . 1 ( Sixty - eighth Congress ) . He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1924 to the Sixty - ninth Congress . He resumed the practice of law . He died in Findlay , Ohio , on February 8 , 1957 . He was interred in Bright Cemetery .

Hugo Néstor Conte ( born April 14 , 1963 ) is a volleyball coach and retired player from Argentina , who represented his native country in three Summer Olympics . He was born at Buenos Aires . He currently coaches Volley Cavriago in Italy . After having finished in sixth place at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles Conte was a member of the men 's national team that claimed the bronze medal four years later in Seoul , South Korea . Twelve years later he was on the squad ending up in fourth place at the 2000 Summer Olympics . He is considered to be one of the 8 greatest Volleyball players of all time , and the best argentinian player , next to Waldo Kantor . With Italian Santal Parma , he won the 1984 European Champions League . Hugo 's son , Facundo is also an international volleyball player .

The Verziere ( old - fashioned Italian word for " greengrocery market " ; also known as Verzee , in Milanese ) was the traditional greengrocery street market of Milan , Italy . The market itself has been relocated several times , and it is now in Via Lombroso , east of the city centre ; the word " Verziere " , anyway , still refers to the main historic location of the market , where it was held from 1776 century until 1911 . The new greengrocery market of Via Lombroso is more properly referred to as " Ortomercato " ( another Italian word with the same meaning ) or " Mercati Generali " ( " general markets " ) . The " Verziere " area has been a symbol of Milan , and notable Milanese scholars such as Carlo Porta and Carlo Maria Maggi celebrated the Verziere in their works as the place where both the Milanese dialect and the Milanese culture was represented in their purest form .

PJSC Rosneft Oil Company ( stylized as ROSNEFT ) is a Russian integrated energy company headquartered in the Russian capital of Moscow . It is specializing on exploration , extraction , production , refinement , transport , and sale of petroleum , natural gas , and petroleum products . The company is controlled by the Russian government through the holding company . Its name is a portmanteau of the Russian words Rossiyskaya neft ' ( Russian : Российская нефть - Russian oil ) . Rosneft was founded in 1993 as a state enterprise and later incorporated in 1995 , acquiring a number of state - controlled gas and oil assets . Rosneft became Russia 's leading oil company after purchasing assets of former oil company Yukos at state - run auctions . After acquiring OJSC TNK - BP in 2013 , then - one of the largest oil companies of Russia , Rosneft became the world 's largest publicly - traded petroleum company . Rosneft is the third largest company of Russia and the second - largest state - controlled company after Gazprom in Russia in terms of revenue ( ₽ 4,134 billion ) . Internationally , it is one of the largest oil companies , ranking 24 in terms of revenue . The company operates in more than twenty countries around the world .

Awake is an American television police procedural fantasy drama , created by writer and executive producer Kyle Killen . The drama centers on Michael Britten ( Jason Isaacs ) , a detective living in two separate realities after a car accident . In one reality , in which he wears a green wrist band , his wife Hannah Britten ( Laura Allen ) was killed in the crash , and in another reality , in which he wears a red wrist band , his son Rex Britten ( Dylan Minnette ) was the one killed . Michael does not know which reality is real . He sees two separate therapists : Dr. Jonathan Lee ( BD Wong ) in the " red reality " , and Dr. Judith Evans ( Cherry Jones ) in the " green reality " . The series was conceived by Killen after creating and developing Lone Star for the Fox network . NBC encouraged Killen to conceive a concept for a future television series . Although inspired by the processes of dreaming , the script was cited as potentially being too complex for mainstream American television . The first episode of Awake was released on Hulu on February 16 , officially premiering in the United States on NBC on March 1 , 2012 . On May 11 , NBC canceled the series and aired the final episode on May 24 , 2012 . Awake averaged 4.8 million viewers per episode and ranked 125th in viewership for the 2011 – 12 television season . Despite its relatively short life span , the series had large support by fans who teamed up to create the " Save Awake " campaign . It was well received by television critics based on its storylines . " Say Hello to My Little Friend " was generally considered the best episode of the series since the pilot by commentators . Various cast members have also been praised by critics , particularly Isaacs ' performance as Michael .

The presenter history of Smooth Radio includes many well - known British radio personalities who made their names on networks such as Radio 1 , Radio 2 , and other stations . The Smooth Radio brand began life in 2004 with the Manchester - based 100.4 Smooth FM , and gradually expanded to encompass a number of regional stations ; these were subsumed into a UK - wide station in 2010 . The regional stations were reintroduced in 2014 . Several prominent broadcasters and disc jockeys have been recruited to the line - up . Current and former presenters on Smooth include Emma B , Simon Bates , Tony Blackburn , Paul Coia , Kate Garraway , Mark Goodier , Kevin Greening , David Jensen , Myleene Klass , Lynn Parsons , Eamonn Kelly , Andy Peebles and Graham Torrington . As a national broadcaster , the station 's flagship breakfast show was presented by Simon Bates , who left Classic FM after more than a decade to join Smooth . Breakfast and Drivetime shows are currently fronted by a number of regional presenters . In addition , Smooth has also played featured one - off specials presented by personalities such as Russell Grant , Denise Van Outen and Dionne Warwick .

Midway High School is a public high school located in the city of Waco , Texas , USA and classified as a 6A school by the UIL . It is part of the Midway Independent School District , which serves the Waco , Texas area . Although the school is located in southwestern Waco , most students live in the suburbs of Woodway and Hewitt . The school was formerly located in Hewitt until the fall of 2003 , when the current high school was built a half - mile away . The previous building is now Midway Middle School . Named # 1 Best Public High School in McLennan County in 2018 by Rated " Met Standard " by the Texas Education Agency in 2016 and 2015 Students rank in the top 25 % for student progress , closing performance gaps and postsecondary readiness

Sarah Lawrence College is a private liberal arts college in the United States . It is located in southern Westchester County , New York , in the city of Yonkers , north of Manhattan . The college is known for low student - to - faculty ratio and highly individualized course of study . The school models its approach to education after the Oxford / Cambridge system of one - on - one student - faculty tutorials , which are a key component in all areas of study . Sarah Lawrence emphasizes scholarship , particularly in the humanities , performing arts , and writing , and places high value on independent study . Sarah Lawrence College is ranked 53rd in the National Liberal Arts Colleges category in 2018 by U.S. News & World Report . Sarah Lawrence was also named the higher education institution with the " best classroom experience " in all of America by Princeton Review in 2016 .

Morgan Stanley is an American multinational investment bank and financial services company headquartered at 1585 Broadway in the Morgan Stanley Building , Midtown Manhattan , New York City . With offices in more than 42 countries and more than 55,000 employees , the firm 's clients include corporations , governments , institutions and individuals . The original Morgan Stanley , formed by J.P. Morgan & Co. partners Henry Sturgis Morgan ( grandson of J.P. Morgan ) , Harold Stanley and others , came into existence on September 16 , 1935 , in response to the Glass – Steagall Act that required the splitting of commercial and investment banking businesses . In its first year the company operated with a 24 % market share ( US$ 1.1   billion ) in public offerings and private placements . The current Morgan Stanley is the result of merger of the original Morgan Stanley with Dean Witter Discover & Co. in 1997 . Dean Witter 's Chairman and CEO , Philip J. Purcell , became the Chairman and CEO of the newly merged " Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Discover & Co. " Eventually , the new firm changed its name back to " Morgan Stanley " in 2001 . The main areas of business for the firm today are institutional securities , wealth management and investment management .

The Church of Sant'Orsola ( St Ursula ) in Mantua , Italy , was designed and built in 1608 by Antonio Maria Viani , the architect of the ducal court of the House of Gonzaga . The church was commissioned by Margherita Gonzaga d'Este , the widow of Alfonso II d'Este . Margherita , while not a nun herself , as a widow came to live in an apartment in the Clarissan monastery that was once adjacent ( destroyed in 1930 ) . The octagonal church was decorated by major regional artists including Domenico Fetti and his sister ( and nun at the convent ) Lucrina , Lodovico Carracci , Carlo Bonomi , and Antonio Maria Viani . After suppression of the convent in the 1780s , the convent had become a hospital .

Gianluca Forcolin ( born 28 August 1968 in San Donà di Piave ) is a Venetist politician from Veneto , Italy . A member of Liga Veneta – Lega Nord since 1993 , Forcolin was long involved in municipal politics in his hometown , Musile di Piave , of which he had been councillor , assessor , deputy mayor and finally mayor from 2007 to 2015 . In the 2008 general election he was elected to the Chamber of Deputies , where he sat in the Finance Committee , but did not stand for re - election five years later because he , a Venetist close to Luca Zaia as well as loyal to former Lega Nord leader Umberto Bossi , was not popular with the new leadership led by Flavio Tosi . He was even suspended from the party for ten months by the local leader Daniele Stival . In 2015 , after Tosi was sidelined by the federal party , Forcolin made his comeback : he was elected to the Regional Council as the most voted candidate of Liga Veneta in the province of Venice and Zaia , who had been re - elected President , appointed him Vice President and minister of Budget and Local Government .

Jan Hambourg ( 27 August 1882 –29 September 1947 ) was a Russian violinist , a member of a famous musical family , who made his career in Europe during the early 20th century . Jan Hambourg was born in Voronezh , Russia , the middle brother between the famous pianist Mark Hambourg ( b. 1879 ) and the distinguished cellist Boris Hambourg ( b. 1884 ) , the sons of Michael Hambourg ( pianist ) . Jan studied first in London with August Wilhelmj and Émile Sauret , then in Frankfort - am - Main with Hikeerman , in Prague with Otakar Ševčík and in Brussels with Eugène Ysaÿe , who also gave instruction to his brother Boris . Jan made his debut in Berlin in 1905 . He died in Tours , France .

Yoelle Maarek is a vice president at Amazon , responsible for Amazon 's Alexa Shopping Research . Maarek did her undergraduate studies at the École Nationale des Ponts et Chaussées in Paris , earned a diplôme d'études approfondies from Pierre and Marie Curie University , and completed her doctorate at the Technion – Israel Institute of Technology in 1989 , under the supervision of Daniel M. Berry . She worked at IBM from 1989 until 2006 , and became a distinguished engineer at IBM before moving to Google . In 2006 , she founded the Google Haifa Engineering Center in Haifa , Israel , where one of her key projects involved autocompletion for Google and YouTube queries . During 2009 - 2017 she worked in Yahoo research in Israel . From August 2017 she joined Amazon 's Alexa Shopping Research . Maarek has served as program committee co - chair for WWW 2009 , WSDM 2012 and SIGIR 2012 . She is also a member of the Board of Governors of the Technion . In 2013 , Maarek was elected as a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery " for contributions to industrial leadership and to information retrieval and web search . "

František Koláček ( 9 October 1851 , Slavkov u Brna , Moravia – 8 December 1913 , Prague ) was Czech physicist . Koláček studied at German gymnasium in Brno ( finished in 1868 ) , then at technical universities in Prague and Vienna . At the Charles University in Prague , under guidance of Ernst Mach , he obtained doctoral decree in 1877 . Worked as teacher at gymnasium in Brno ( 1 year ) and then in Prague ( 18 years ) . Only in 1891 he was named professor of mathematical physics at Charles university . During 1900 - 1902 worked as professor at university in Brno but then returned to Prague . Koláček worked in fields of hydrodynamics , thermodynamics , optics and electromagnetic theory of light . He was the first one to describe electromagnetic theory of light dispersion .

Alma - Sofia Miettinen ( born 17 January 1996 ) , known professionally as Alma , is a Finnish singer and songwriter . Beginning her career in 2013 , she placed fifth in the seventh season of the Finnish version of Idol . Her breakthrough came in 2015 when she was featured on the single " Muuta ku mä " by Sini Sabotage , and was subsequently signed to Universal Music Group . The following year she released the singles " Karma " and " Dye My Hair " , both of which became top ten hits in Finland . Her 2017 single " Chasing Highs " repeated this success , and also reached the top twenty in Germany and the United Kingdom . Her debut mixtape Heavy Rules Mixtape was released in 2018 and reached the top ten in Finland . She has collaborated frequently with English singer Charli XCX and Swedish singer Tove Lo .

Torke ( Kannada ತೊರ್ಕೆ ) is a small village in Kumta taluk of Uttara Kannada district , Karnataka , India . This village is about a few square kilometres in extent . Torke traditionally is the amalgamation of Hoskatt , Naranapur , Toregazani , Torke , Devarabhavi , Hallergudi , Devana and Gonehalli . It has a Gram Panchayat . The name " Torke " is supposed to have originated from " tore " , the rivulet that used to flow through the village . Local names like " torehalla " and " toregazani " also give credence to this theory . However , since this place is famous for production of salt , and a salt maker is also known to be called a " thoreya " in Kannada , Torke might also have got its name from that .

Wesley Alexander Nevada Thomas ( born 23 January 1987 ) is an English footballer who plays as a striker for League Two club Grimsby Town . He began his career in non - league football with various clubs in and around London before making his debut in the Football League for Dagenham & Redbridge in 2008 . After loan spells in the Conference with Grays Athletic and Rushden & Diamonds , he spent a season with League Two club Cheltenham Town . He briefly joined Crawley Town before moving into League One with AFC Bournemouth . After one full season at Bournemouth , he went out on loan again , to Portsmouth , Blackpool and Birmingham City . He joined Rotherham United for the second half of the 2013–14 season before rejoining Birmingham , this time on a permanent basis . In 2015 – 16 , he spent time on loan at Swindon Town and Bradford City , before joining newly promoted Oxford United after the season ended .

Japan women 's national floorball team is the national team of Japan . At the 1997 Floorball Women 's World Championship in Godby and Mariehamn , Åland , Finland , the team finished tenth . At the 1999 Floorball Women 's World Championship in Borlänge , Sweden , the team finished fourth in the B - Division . At the 2001 Floorball Women 's World Championship in Riga , Latvia , the team finished fifth in the B - Division . At the 2003 Floorball Women 's World Championship in Germany , the team finished first in the B - Division . At the 2005 Floorball Women 's World Championship in Singapore , the team finished eighth in the A - Division . At the 2007 Floorball Women 's World Championship in Frederikshavn , Denmark , the team finished sixth in the B - Division . At the 2013 Floorball Women 's World Championship in Brno and Ostrava , Czech Republic , the team finished fifteenth .

JoAnne Gunderson Carner ( born April 4 , 1939 ) is an American former professional golfer . Her 43 victories on the LPGA Tour led to her induction in the World Golf Hall of Fame . She is the only woman to have won the U.S. Girls ' Junior , U.S. Women 's Amateur , and U.S. Women 's Open titles , and was the first person ever to win three different USGA championship events . Tiger Woods is the only man to have won the equivalent three USGA titles . Arnold Palmer , Jack Nicklaus , and Carol Semple Thompson have also won three different USGA titles . In 1981 , Carner was voted the Bob Jones Award , the highest honor given by the United States Golf Association in recognition of distinguished sportsmanship in golf . She captained the 1994 U.S. Solheim Cup team .

Randy Wagstaff is a fictional character on the HBO drama The Wire , played by Maestro Harrell . Randy is an enterprising student who is dependent on social services . During season 4 , he was an 8th grade pupil at Edward Tilghman Middle School and is friends with Namond Brice , Michael Lee and Duquan " Dukie " Weems . He lived with a foster mother , Miss Anna , who instilled some discipline in his life . He is well known amongst his peers for his imagination and ideas . Randy runs a small business selling snacks and drinks to his peers and neighborhood drug dealers . He shares his last name with drug lieutenant Cheese Wagstaff . Though the relationship was never established on the show , creator David Simon revealed Cheese to be Randy 's biological father — which would also make Proposition Joe Randy 's granduncle .

" High " was the Norwegian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2004 , performed in English by Knut Anders Sørum . The song is a dramatic ballad , with Sørum expressing his desire to bring an unnamed person " high " . The lyrics suggest that this person has been beset by problems , and that Sørum believes he can go some way to curing them . As Norway had finished the Eurovision Song Contest 2003 in the top 10 , the song was pre - qualified for the final . Here , it was performed third , following Austria 's Tie Break with " Du bist " and preceding France 's Jonatan Cerrada with " À chaque pas " . At the close of voting , it had received 3 points ( all from Sweden ) , placing 24th ( last ) in a field of 24 , thus requiring Norway to qualify through the semi - final at the next Contest . The low score , and long wait before Norway scored any points at all , led Australian commentator Des Mangan to jokingly offer money for anyone prepared to vote for the country . Initially , this was " a thousand bucks " , later climbing to " ten thousand bucks and my house " . Mangan explained during this commentary that he did not want Norway to further extend its unwanted record of failing to record a point on the most occasions . The song was succeeded as Norwegian representative at the 2005 contest by Wig Wam with " In My Dreams " .

In early 2006 , a furore erupted in Indonesia over the Australian government 's decision to grant temporary protection visas to 42 West Papuan asylum seekers . The controversy caused diplomatic tension as well as a " war of cartoons " , with newspapers in Indonesia and Australia trading hits over a decision that the Indonesians say questions the sovereignty that they officially have over West Papua . The issue was caused by the Australian Government 's decision through the immigration department to allow visas to 42 refugees that arrived in January . Part of the Indonesian concern is based on the speed at which these asylum seekers were processed – forty - two were processed in just two months , with the remaining asylum seeker having been approved in mid - April . The Indonesian government took the move as a direct challenge , inferring that the approval of the temporary protection visas indicated that the Australian Governmnent agreed with the West Papuans that they face persecution if they returned home .

The Riverside School District is a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in pre - kindergarten through twelfth grade from Riverside Township , in Burlington County , New Jersey , United States . As of the 2014 - 15 school year , the district and its three schools had an enrollment of 1,355 students and 116.0 classroom teachers ( on an FTE basis ) , for a student – teacher ratio of 11.7:1 . The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group " B " , the second lowest of eight groupings . District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts . From lowest socioeconomic status to highest , the categories are A , B , CD , DE , FG , GH , I and J. Students from Delanco Township attend Riverside High School as part of a sending / receiving relationship with the Delanco Township School District .

Malcolm Mitchell Young ( 6 January 1953 – 18 November 2017 ) was a Scottish - Australian musician and songwriter , best known as a co - founder , rhythm guitarist , backing vocalist and songwriter for the hard rock band AC / DC . Except for a brief absence in 1988 , he was with the band from its November 1973 beginning until retiring in 2014 due to health reasons . Young and the other members of AC / DC were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2003 . Though his younger brother Angus was the more visible of the brothers , Malcolm was described as the driving force and the leader of the band . In 2014 , he stated that despite his retirement from the band , AC / DC was determined to continue making music with his blessing . As the rhythm guitarist , he was responsible for the broad sweep of the band 's sound , developing many of their guitar riffs and co - writing the band 's material with Angus . He was married to O’Linda Young and had two children , Cara and Ross . Young left AC / DC in April 2014 , to receive treatment for dementia . In September 2014 , the band 's management announced that he would be retiring permanently . He died from the disease on 18 November 2017 .

The Medallion ( ) is a 2003 action comedy film co - written and directed by the Hong Kong film director Gordon Chan , and starring Jackie Chan , Lee Evans , Claire Forlani and Julian Sands . It was much less successful than Chan 's other American films such as the Rush Hour film series , Shanghai Noon and its sequel , Shanghai Knights . The film was theatrically released on 15 August 2003 in Hong Kong and 22 August 2003 in the United States by TriStar Pictures . In the story , Eddie ( Chan ) is a Hong Kong police officer hired by the Interpol to capture a crime lord known as Snakehead ( Sands ) and prevent him from kidnapping a chosen boy with special powers and a medallion that gives superhuman power and immortality . Much of the film features supernatural and mystical themes , though it is filled with action and comedy . The film received negative reviews from critics and it earned $ 34,268,701 on a $ 41   million budget .

Conrad Baker ( February 12 , 1817 – April 28 , 1885 ) was a state representative , 15th Lieutenant Governor , and the 15th Governor of the U.S. state of Indiana from 1867 to 1873 . Baker had served in the Union Army during the American Civil War , rising to the rank of colonel but resigned following his election as lieutenant governor , during which time he played an important role in overseeing the formation and training of states levies . He served as acting - governor for five months during the illness of Governor Oliver Morton , and was elevated to Governor following Morton 's resignation from office . During Baker 's full term as governor , he focused primitively on the creation and improvement of institutions to help veterans and their families that had been disaffected by the war . He also championed the post - war federal constitutional amendments , and was able to successfully advocate their acceptance .

Estadio Metropolitano Roberto Meléndez , commonly known as Estadio Metropolitano , or colloquially , El Metro , is a multi - use all - seater football stadium in Barranquilla , Colombia . It is the home stadium of local football team Atlético Junior . It was built with a capacity of 49,612 for the Colombian World Cup bid in 1986 . The stadium was inaugurated that year with a game between Uruguay and Junior , which the Uruguayans won 2–1 . It is the second largest stadium in Colombia . The first official name of the stadium was Estadio Metropolitano , which was changed around 1991 in order to honor the Colombian footballer Roberto Meléndez . This is the official stadium for the national football team of Colombia .

The Upper Township School District is a comprehensive community public school district , serving students in kindergarten through eighth grade from Upper Township , in Cape May County , New Jersey , United States . Students from Corbin City , a non - operating district , attend the district 's schools as part of a sending / receiving relationship . As of the 2014 - 15 school year , the district and its three schools had an enrollment of 2,071 students and 117.5 classroom teachers ( on an FTE basis ) , for a student – teacher ratio of 17.6:1 . The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group " FG " , the fourth - highest of eight groupings . District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts . From lowest socioeconomic status to highest , the categories are A , B , CD , DE , FG , GH , I and J. Students in public school for ninth through twelfth grades from Upper Township attend Ocean City High School in Ocean City as part of a sending / receiving relationship with the Ocean City School District , along with students from Corbin City , Longport and Sea Isle City . As of the 2014 - 15 school year , the high school had an enrollment of 1,262 students and 103.0 classroom teachers ( on an FTE basis ) , for a student – teacher ratio of 12.3:1 . About 60 % of students in Ocean City High School are from Upper Township .

Raymond Claude Ferdinand Aron (; 14 March 1905 – 17 October 1983 ) was a French philosopher , sociologist , political scientist , and journalist . He is best known for his 1955 book The Opium of the Intellectuals , the title of which inverts Karl Marx 's claim that religion was the opium of the people – Aron argues that in post - war France , Marxism was the opium of the intellectuals . In the book , Aron chastised French intellectuals for what he described as their harsh criticism of capitalism and democracy and their simultaneous defense of Marxist oppression , atrocities , and intolerance . Critic Roger Kimball suggests that Opium is " a seminal book of the twentieth century . " Aron is also known for his lifelong friendship , sometimes fractious , with philosopher Jean - Paul Sartre . He is also known for his 1973 book , The Imperial Republic : The United States and the World 1945 - 1973 , which influenced Zbigniew Brzezinski and Henry Kissinger , among others . Aron wrote extensively on a wide range of other topics . Citing the breadth and quality of Aron 's writings , historian James R. Garland suggests , " Though he may be little known in America , Raymond Aron arguably stood as the preeminent example of French intellectualism for much of the twentieth century . "

Christine Kenneally ( born in Melbourne , Australia ) is an Australian - American journalist who writes on science , language and culture . Trained as a linguist , she has written for The New York Times , the New Yorker , Slate , New Scientist , and Australia 's Monthly , among other publications . She is a great - granddaughter of JJ Kenneally , an early popularizer of Australian bushranger Ned Kelly . Her first book , The First Word ( 2007 ) was a L.A. Times book prize finalist and has been translated into Korean and Spanish . Her book for Viking Penguin , The Invisible History of the Human Race : How DNA and History Shape Our Identities and Our Futures , was released 9 October 2015 .

The Dan Snyder Memorial Award is awarded each year to the player of the Winnipeg Jets who " best embodies perseverance , dedication and hard work without reward or recognition , so that his team and teammates might succeed . " The award was created in 2004 , when the franchise was located in Atlanta , to commemorate Atlanta Thrashers forward , Dan Snyder , who died from injuries sustained in an automobile accident in September 2003 . A similar award is awarded in the OHL and is known as the Dan Snyder Memorial Trophy . Sometimes the Jets ' award is called the same name . With the Thrasher 's relocation to Winnipeg , Manitoba to become the Winnipeg Jets following the 2010 - 11 NHL season , there was worry ( by both Thrashers ' fans and those living in Snyder 's hometown ) that Snyder would be forgotten . However , Scott Brown , Winnipeg 's director of hockey operations / communications , quelled those fears , revealing that " Craig ( Heisinger ) was in Atlanta and saw all the things they did for Dan Snyder and we are fully prepared and will be honouring everything to do with him . Dan Snyder 's friends and family should not worry at all about that . " On March 28 , 2012 it was announced that the Jets would continue the tradition of the award . The Snyder family was invited to participate in the first ceremony in Winnipeg on the final game of the regular season . On April 7 , 2012 , Winnipeg Jets ' defenceman Mark Stuart became the first Winnipeg Jet to be given the memorial award .

Antonie Philips van Leeuwenhoek FRS (; ; 24 October 1632 – 26 August 1723 ) was a Dutch businessman and scientist in the Golden Age of Dutch science and technology . A largely self - taught man in science , he is commonly known as " the Father of Microbiology " , and one of the first microscopists and microbiologists . Van Leeuwenhoek is best known for his pioneering work in microscopy and for his contributions toward the establishment of microbiology as a scientific discipline . Raised in Delft , Dutch Republic , van Leeuwenhoek worked as a draper in his youth and founded his own shop in 1654 . He became well recognized in municipal politics and developed an interest in lensmaking . In the 1670s , he started to explore microbial life with his microscope . This was one of the notable achievements of the Golden Age of Dutch exploration and discovery ( c. 1590s – 1720s ) . Using single - lensed microscopes of his own design , van Leeuwenhoek was the first to experiment with microbes , which he originally referred to as animalcules ( from Latin animalculum = " tiny animal " ) . Through his experiments , he was the first to relatively determine their size . Most of the " animalcules " are now referred to as unicellular organisms , although he observed multicellular organisms in pond water . He was also the first to document microscopic observations of muscle fibers , bacteria , spermatozoa , red blood cells , crystals in gouty tophi , and blood flow in capillaries . Although van Leeuwenhoek did not write any books , his discoveries came to light through correspondence with the Royal Society , which published his letters .

Juw Juwinga ( alias Jongema ) of Bolsward was a Frisian chieftain that earned great fame in the struggle against the ( Dutch ) ‘ infidels’ . When Albrecht of Bavaria , count of Holland , threatened Friesland in 1396 , Juw was chosen as potestate of Friesland . He advised luring the enemy into the land . The Schieringers limited their defense to the coastline . The Dutch were defeated at Schoterzijl ( in Weststellingwerf ) where Juw was slain on August 29 , 1396 . Juw was also known as Julius Jongema , and Petrus Thaborita wrote his name as Ju Jonghema . The previous potestate was Hessel Martena . However the potestates were absent for many years due to arguments between Vetkopers and Schieringers and Juw was the eleventh potestaat .

The first instance of a figure of the lion as symbol of the Kingdom of León is found in minted coins of Alfonso VII , called the Emperor ( 1126 - 1157 ) . Until then , the cross had a preponderant position on documents and coins of Leonese monarchs since that reign the cross was gradually displaced by the lion . The Spanish historian and heraldist Martín de Riquer explained that the lion was already used as heraldic emblem in 1148 . At the end of the reign of Alfonso VII , the figure of this animal began to appear on royal documents as personal device of the monarch and became pervasive during reigns of Ferdinand II ( 1157 - 1188 ) and Alfonso IX ( 1188 - 1230 ) . The first reference to the lion as personal emblem of the monarch , and thus the kingdom find in Chronica Adefonsi imperatoris , at the times of Alfonso VII , this chronicle when describing participants armies in the taking of Almería , the text literally says : The heraldic symbol of León is the prominent feature of flags of León , including the historical standards of the former Kingdom of León , the flags of the City of León and the Province of León , and others representing the region known as León or the Leonese Country .

Joseph Isaac Clanton ( 1847 – June 1 , 1887 ) was a member of a loose association of outlaws known as The Cowboys who clashed with lawmen Wyatt , Virgil and Morgan Earp as well as Doc Holliday . On October 26 , 1881 , Clanton was present at the Gunfight at the O.K. Corral in the boomtown of Tombstone , Arizona Territory but was unarmed and ran from the gunfight , in which his 19-year - old brother , Billy , was killed . Clanton filed murder charges against the Earps and Holliday but after a 30-day preliminary hearing , Justice Wells Spicer ruled that the lawmen had acted within their lawful duty . Clanton was implicated in the attempted assassination of Virgil Earp on December 30 , 1881 but other Cowboys provided an alibi and he was released . Six years later Clanton was killed attempting to flee when he was shot by a lawman seeking to arrest him for cattle - rustling .

John C. Squires ( May 19 , 1925 – May 23 , 1944 ) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military 's highest decoration — the Medal of Honor — for his actions in World War II . Squires joined the Army from his birth city of Louisville , Kentucky in July 1943 , and by April 23 , 1944 was serving as a private first class in Company A , 30th Infantry Regiment , 3rd Infantry Division . During a battle on that day , near Padiglione , Italy , he repeatedly braved enemy fire to carry messages , bring up reinforcements , and fight the Germans throughout the night and into the next morning . Squires was killed in action a month later , after having been promoted to Sergeant . He was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor on October 2 , 1944 . Squires , aged 19 at his death , was buried in Zachary Taylor National Cemetery in his hometown of Louisville , Kentucky . In 2001 , a memorial honoring Medal of Honor recipients from Kentucky was dedicated in Louisville . The memorial features a six - foot - tall bronze statue of Squires .

Honora Edgeworth ( née Sneyd ; 1751 – 1 May 1780 ) was an eighteenth - century English writer , mainly known for her associations with literary figures of the day particularly Anna Seward and the Lunar Society , and for her work on children 's education . Sneyd was born in Bath in 1751 , and following the death of her mother in 1756 was raised by Canon Thomas Seward and his wife Elizabeth in Lichfield , Staffordshire until she returned to her father 's house in 1771 . There , she formed a close friendship with their daughter , Anna Seward . Having had a romantic engagement to John André and having declined the hand of Thomas Day , she married Richard Edgeworth as his second wife in 1773 , living on the family estate in Ireland till 1776 . There she helped raise his children from his first marriage , including Maria Edgeworth , and two children of her own . Returning to England she fell ill with tuberculosis , which was incurable , dying at Weston in Staffordshire in 1780 . She is the subject of a number of Anna Seward 's poems , and with her husband developed concepts of childhood education , resulting in a series of books , such as Practical Education , based on her observations of the Edgeworth children . She is known for her stand on women 's rights through her vigorous rejection of the proposal by Day , in which she outlined her views on equality in marriage .

École François - Buote is a Canadian francophone school in Charlottetown , Prince Edward Island for students that attend the school come from the central parts of Queens County , including the City of Charlottetown . The school is administratively part of the Commission scolaire de langue française . Its official colours are Blue , White and Red and the mascot is a Jaguar . The sports teams from François - Buote are called the Jaguars . A three - year $ 10 million , 54,000 square foot expansion was unveiled in March 2016 by Prince Edward Island Premier Wade MacLauchlan , adding a new high school wing , additional space for an early childhood centre , a music room , science lab and a trades technology section for technical education along with an expansion of the gymnasium and cafeteria .

The Hockhocking Adena Bikeway is a long bicycle path in Athens County , Ohio , in the United States . The original section of the path was built on a levee along the Hocking River at Ohio University in Athens , on university land . It was gradually expanded and now crosses university land , city land , and county land . The greater part of the path is a rail trail , ( a bicycle path built on an abandoned railroad grade ) . The eastern terminus of the path is near the intersection of East State Street with US-50 on the east side of Athens and its western terminus is in Nelsonville , at the Rocky Brands Factory Outlet at the intersection of Canal Street and Myers Street , one block from the Historic Square Arts District . The last section built was the section connecting the bikeway to Nelsonville . Previously , it terminated at Robbins Crossing on the Hocking College campus . There are current plans to extend the bikeway east along the south side of US-50 to South Canaan Road ( County Road 24A ) . There are long - term plans to connect eastward via the Athens - Belpre Rail - Trail , now being developed , and to connect the Moonville Rail - Trail with it . Parts of the bikeway are bordered by the Ohio University Campus , the Hocking College Campus , the Wayne National Forest , the Bluebell Preserve of the Athens Conservancy , and two city parks owned by the city of Athens . In 2010 the Athens Conservancy purchased about thirteen miles of former B&O ; Railroad grade to expand trail opportunities , with the expectation that this right - of - way will eventually be connected to this bikeway .

Henrik Malmström ( born August 26 , 1978 in Kristianstad ) is a retired Swedish professional ice hockey forward who last played for Sparta Warriors of the GET - ligaen in Norway . Malmström began his career in the Swedish HockeyAllsvenskan , the country 's second tier league , playing for his hometown team Kristianstads IK before moving to the Elitserien with Malmö Redhawks where he spent four seasons . He had a brief spell with HV71 in 2002 before returning to Malmö . In 2003 , he moved to Brynäs IF and stayed with the team until 2006 when he joined Frölunda HC midway through the 2006 - 07 season . In 2007 , he moved in Finland to play in the SM - liiga for Ilves and also had a brief spell with HK Acroni Jesenice of the Erste Bank Eishockey Liga .

The Department of Defence is a department of the Government of Australia charged with the responsibility to defend Australia and its national interests . Along with the Australian Defence Force ( ADF ) , it forms part of the Australian Defence Organisation ( ADO ) and is accountable to the Commonwealth Parliament , on behalf of the Australian people , for the efficiency and effectiveness with which it carries out the Government 's defence policy . The head of the Department , who leads it on a daily basis , is the Secretary of the Department of Defence ( SECDEF ) , currently Greg Moriarty . The Secretary reports to the Minister of Defence , currently The Hon . Christopher Pyne MP , following appointment by Prime Minister Scott Morrison in August 2018 .

The James A. Rhodes Tower , originally known as University Tower , is a 21-story , 363-foot skyscraper on the campus of Cleveland State University in downtown Cleveland , Ohio , United States . It is the second - tallest educational - purposed building in the United States , behind the Cathedral of Learning . It houses the university 's main library on the first eight floors and administration offices for many of the university 's academic departments on the upper level floors . It previously held classrooms on the first two floors . It is the tallest structure on the Cleveland State campus , followed by Fenn Tower , and the tallest academic building in Ohio . The tower was named after former Ohio Governor James A. Rhodes who is responsible for signing the legislation that created Cleveland State University on December 18 , 1964 .

Center for Infectious Disease Research , formerly known as Seattle BioMed , Seattle Biomedical Research Institute or SBRI , is the largest independent , non - profit organization in the United States focused solely on infectious disease discovery research . The mission of Seattle BioMed 's 250 + employees is to eliminate the world 's most devastating infectious diseases through leadership in scientific discovery . Seattle BioMed is headquartered and has research labs in the South Lake Union area of Seattle , WA . Seattle BioMed 's research focuses on four areas of infectious disease : HIV / AIDS , malaria , tuberculosis ( TB ) , and Emerging & Neglected Diseases ( END ) like African sleeping sickness , leishmaniasis , Chagas disease , and toxoplasmosis . Seattle BioMed is engaged in early stages of the scientific pipeline including bench science and malaria clinical trials and has expertise in immunology , vaccinology , and drug discovery .

Use Your Illusion is a Guns N ' Roses compilation album drawing from the Use Your Illusion I and II albums . It was only released in the United States , and was primarily sold at Walmart and Kmart , two retail outlets that refused to stock the unedited Use Your Illusion I and II due to explicit lyrics . " Knockin ' on Heaven 's Door " appears in an edited version without Josh Richman 's speech , removed for unknown reasons . Therefore , the track length is reduced to 5:20 , instead of 5:36 from the version included on Use Your Illusion II . Richman 's speech was instead included in the Greatest Hits compilation album . The cover art of the album simply combines the color schemes from the covers of Use Your Illusion I and Use Your Illusion II , which were originally designed by Mark Kostabi . The image is a detail of the Raphael painting " The School of Athens " .

Thelma Scott ( 17 June 1913 – 23 November 2006 ) was an Australian character actress and television director whose 70-year career in theatre , radio , film and Australian television made her one of her country 's most recognizable and beloved personalities . Having started her career in the early 1930s in theatre and film productions , she became one of the nation 's biggest radio performers , during the 1940s featuring in productions such as Big Sister and Blue Hills . She returned to films in the early 1950s and then became a star on television after it was launched in Australia . She became best known for roles in soap opera including Bellbird and Number 96 as Claire Houghton and Mrs. Jennings in Richmond Hill .

The Barksdale Global Power Museum ( formerly , the Eighth Air Force Museum ) is located on Barksdale Air Force Base near Bossier City , Louisiana , and is hosted by the 2nd Bomb Wing . The missions of the museum are : preserve the heritage and traditions of the Air Force , particularly those of bomber units in general and the 2nd Bomb Wing in particular ; to stimulate esprit de corps among Air Force personnel ; and to educate the public , by portraying the Air Force story through exhibits of historic property and static display aircraft ; and ensure accountability and provide proper stewardship for all heritage property , including static display aircraft , historical artifacts , and Air Force Art . This aviation museum has a large collection of military aircraft and historical artifacts that date from the early days of United States military aviation and Barksdale AFB , the formation of the 2nd Bomb Wing and formation of the 8th Air Force . The museum is located at the north gate , Bossier Gate . The admission is free and the hours of operation are from 9:30 AM – 4:00 PM every day except Thanksgiving , Christmas and New Year 's Day . A gift shop is inside the museum and shares the same business time as the museum .

A Christmas to Remember is a 1999 Christmas album by Amy Grant with the Patrick Williams Orchestra , which became certified gold . It is her third Christmas album with a blend of some traditional songs but mostly originals . In 2007 , A Christmas to Remember was reissued and digitally remastered by Grant 's new record label , EMI / Sparrow Records , along with 13 other Amy Grant albums . The remastered edition is labeled with a " Digitally Remastered " logo in the ' gutter ' on the CD front . Because of Grant 's deal with her previous label , Word Records , the remastered editions of A Christmas to Remember and Behind the Eyes was not sold in Christian Music retailers such as Family Christian Stores or Lifeway Christian Resources until 2009 . Until 2009 , Word Records continued to distribute those titles to Christian retailers in the original , non - remastered editions while EMI distributed the remastered editions to most major retailers . The twelve remaining remastered editions were distributed by EMI to all US retailers , both Christian and secular . An early release of the CD was sold exclusively at Target Stores and featured a cover of The Carpenters song " Merry Christmas Darling " as a hidden track . This track was eventually re - released on Amy Grants ' 2005 compilation Christmas album My Best Christmas .

" Crestfallen " is a track on The Smashing Pumpkins ' 1998 album , Adore . Originally scheduled as the third single from the album , the song was instead released as a promotional CD in the US . It received moderate play on modern rock stations but did not chart . The single 's artwork is by Yelena Yemchuk . The song features Billy Corgan on piano and vocals , with James Iha on lead guitar . It was the first song to include Corgan playing piano live , the first performance of which took place during the band 's gig in Nashville during the promotional tour for Adore in the summer of 1998 . The band also performed the song at the VH1 Fashion Awards on October 27 , 1998 . Billboard gave the song mixed reviews , describing it as " sluggish and anti - climactic " , but praising its ambient qualities .

Jan Šťastný ( c.1764 – c.1830 ) ( also Stiasny , Stiastny ) was a Czech composer and cellist from the end of the 18th century to the beginning of the 19th century . He is considered one of the founders of Czech national violoncello school . Information on Šťastný 's life is rather sketchy . He was born around 1764 in Prague , was taught music by his father , and played in a Prague theatre orchestra by 16 years . In 1810 , Šťastný was court cellist in Frankfurt ( c. 1810 – 1814 ) . He then worked in Mannheim , and was music director in Nuremberg around 1820 . Apparently at some point he lived and worked in England , where in London he met Czech singer and composer Josef Theodor Krov , who called Šťastný , the " Beethoven of the violoncello " . Traces of Šťastný disappear after 1826 . Šťastný 's cello and basso continuo composition is regarded , in the opinion of violinist , conductor , and cello music historian Wilhelm Joseph von Wasielewski , as one of the best examples of antique cello compositions . He composed cello pieces ( 11 opus numbers ) , duets , variations , sonatas , divertimento , instructive pieces , concertino , Grand Trio .

World of Fantasy is the twelfth studio album by the Japanese electronica band Capsule , released on May 25 , 2011 , in Japan . The album was originally due for release with the title of Killer Wave . After the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake occurred on March 11 , 2011 , Yasutaka Nakata announced that the album 's release ( which was previously announced as March 23 , 2011 ) was postponed and due for release at an unknown date for cover art rework and renaming . " Killer Wave " was then considered a " working title " . This is the only album of the duo with all songs sung by the vocalist Toshiko Koshijima . It is also their first completely English - language album . The digital single " World of Fantasy " was released via iTunes on February 8 , 2011 . Meanwhile , " Prime Time " was used in a commercial for Vantan Design Institute , first shown on February 21 , 2011 . The album sold 7,183 units on its first day of release and 20,814 units on its first week , debuting at the # 3 spot in the Oricon Daily and Weekly charts . Despite this being their current highest - charting album , it did not manage to outsell their previous album Player . The album sold a total of 24,603 units in Japan in two weeks .

Charles Abraham Chasselat , a French historical painter , was the son of Pierre Chasselat . He was born in Paris in 1782 , and became a pupil of his father and of Vincent . He exhibited in 1812 ' The Repose of Belisarius . ' He also illustrated the works of Voltaire , Racine , Molière , and other authors , including the first French translations of Jane Austen 's novels in the 1820s . He was employed in making drawings of state ceremonials , as the ' Funeral of Louis XVIII ' and the ' Coronation of Charles X ' He died in Paris in 1843 . His son Henri J. Saint - Ange Chasselat , who was a pupil of Lethière , painted historical and genre subjects . He was born in 1813 , and died in 1880 .

Ernest Julian " Ernie " Cole ( 1916 – November 9 , 2000 ) was an engineer and politician in Saskatchewan , Canada . He served as mayor of Saskatoon from 1965 to 1966 . He was the first Saskatoon mayor born in Saskatchewan . He was born in Anerly , Saskatchewan and was educated in Conquest and at the Saskatoon Normal School . He went on to study Engineering at the University of Saskatchewan . Cole served in the Royal Canadian Engineers during World War II . His career after the war included six years at the National Research Council and one year with Power Corporation in Montreal . In 1956 , he became assistant engineer for the city of Saskatoon . Cole did not serve on city council before being elected as mayor in 1964 . He was defeated by Sidney Buckwold when he ran for reelection as mayor in 1966 . Later that year , Cole moved to Ottawa to work for the federal Department of Public Works . Cole Avenue in the Westview neighbourhood of Saskatoon was named in his honour .

Polish Film School ( ) refers to an informal group of Polish film directors and screenplay writers active between 1956 and approximately 1963 . The group was under heavy influence of Italian neorealists . It took advantage of the liberal changes in Poland after 1956 to portray the complexity of Polish history during World War II and German occupation . Among the most important topics were the generation of former Home Army soldiers and their role in post - war Poland and the national tragedies like the German concentration camps and the Warsaw Uprising . The political changes allowed the group to speak more openly of the recent history of Poland . However , the rule of censorship was still strong when it comes to history after 1945 and there were very few films on the contemporary events . This marked the major difference between the members of the Polish Film School and Italian neorealists . The Polish Film School was the first to underline the national character of Poles and one of the first artistic movements in Central Europe to openly oppose the official guidelines of Socialist realism . The members of the movement tend to underline the role of individual as opposed to collectivity . There were two trends within the movement : young directors such as Andrzej Wajda generally studied the idea of heroism , while another group ( the most notable being Andrzej Munk ) analysed the Polish character via irony , humor and a dissection of national myths .

Team Taranaki is an amateur association football composite club based in the Taranaki region of New Zealand which draws its players from the 13 local football clubs . After winning promotion in 2016 Team Taranaki will contest the Central Premier League in 2017 . The core of the team is made up from local club based players and is supplemented with some overseas amateur players . The concept is contractually supported by all of the senior men ’s clubs operating in the Taranaki Province and the selected players are drawn from these 13 member clubs . Originally adopted and introduced in 2003 , the concept is aimed to provide elite football opportunities to all players who want to achieve and play the best possible standard without having to leave Taranaki .

Strathcona - Westmin Provincial Park is a 33   km² provincial park on Vancouver Island in British Columbia , Canada . It is located at the southern extremity of Buttle Lake and is completely surrounded by the much larger and more extensively protected Strathcona Provincial Park . Strathcona - Westmin Provincial Park contains the copper , gold and zinc - producing Myra Falls Operations , which is owned by NVI Mining Ltd. , a wholly owned subsidiary of Breakwater Resources Limited . The area was separated out of the rest of Strathcona Provincial Park in 1965 . It is currently designated as a Class - B provincial park , and is expected to be absorbed by the rest of Strathcona Provincial Park once mining operations cease . Hiking , backcountry camping , and fishing are common park actitivies .

" The Father - Thing " is a 1954 science fiction short story by American writer Philip K. Dick . The story , told through third - person narration but focusing on the child , concerns the replacement of a boy 's father with a replicated version . At first , only the child sees the difference and has to recruit other children to help him reveal the truth . The story is typical of Dick 's short stories of the period . The premise was widely used in fiction of the time . Works like Invasion of the Body Snatchers , especially popular in the 1950s , expressed the fear that people are not what they seem to be . Dick 's story is typically more personal because it is not about the invasion of a community , but of a family . The Father - Thing is the US Underwood - Miller ( 1987 ) and UK title of the third collected volume of Dick 's short stories , retitled Second Variety after " Second Variety " was moved from Volume 2 by Citadel . The story was adapted for the 2017 TV series , Philip K. Dick 's Electric Dreams , by writer - director Michael Dinner and starred Greg Kinnear as the Father .

The Registan Desert ( Persian : ) , also known as Rigestan Desert , is an extremely arid plateau region located between Helmand and Kandahar provinces in southwestern Afghanistan . It is a sandy desert consisting of small , red sand hills about 50 to high , sand - covered plains , and open rocky and clay - covered areas . The underlying base of the hills consists of partly stabilized ancient transverse dunes , reflecting a west - to - east wind and nearly unlimited sand supply . The desert is very sparsely populated by Baluchi and Pashtun nomads . The desert is gradually encroaching on surrounding agricultural areas . A severe drought in 1998 caused the displacement of approximately 100,000 nomadic people from the Registan desert region . Most of them are now living in temporary settlements between the Arghandab and Helmand Rivers and Registan . A large number are also being supported by the UN in camps for internally displaced persons ( IDPs ) in Kandahar Province . The UN is currently seeking strategies to return the nomads to their traditional livelihood of raising livestock in Registan . The Registan Desert is migrating westward , encroaching on former agricultural areas . The United Nations Environment Programme team reports that " up to 100 villages have been submerged by windblown dust and sand " . In the country 's northwest , sand dunes are moving onto agricultural land , their path cleared by the loss of stabilizing vegetation from firewood gathering and overgrazing . The UNEP team observed sand dunes nearly 50 feet ( 15 meters ) high blocking roads , forcing residents to establish new routes .

" U Remind Me " is a song by American entertainer Usher . It was written by Anita McCloud and Edmund Clement and produced by the latter along with Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis for Usher 's third studio album 8701 ( 2001 ) . A fast - paced mid - tempo contemporary R&B ; track , the song is about a man who meets a woman who seems like a nice catch , but he decides not to enter a relationship with her because she looks too much like an ex - girlfriend with whom he had a bad breakup . The song served as the lead American single from 8701 following the release of previous single " Pop Ya Collar " which was only included in some editions of the album . " U Remind Me " topped the US Billboard Hot 100 on July 7 , 2001 and also reached the top five in Australia , Belgium , France , the Netherlands , New Zealand , and the United Kingdom . The song won Usher his first Grammy Award for Best Male R&B ; Vocal Performance in 2002 . Its accompanying music video features Chilli of TLC as one the female leads .

Sansa Stark is a fictional character created by American author George R. R. Martin . She is a prominent character in Martin 's award - winning A Song of Ice and Fire series . Introduced in 1996 's A Game of Thrones , Sansa is the eldest daughter and second child of Lord Eddard Stark and his wife Lady Catelyn Stark . She subsequently appeared in the following three novels , A Clash of Kings ( 1998 ) , A Storm of Swords ( 2000 ) and A Feast for Crows ( 2005 ) . While absent from the fifth novel A Dance with Dragons as the books are separated geographically , Sansa is confirmed to return in the forthcoming next book in the series , The Winds of Winter . In HBO 's adaptation of the series , Game of Thrones , Sansa Stark is portrayed by Sophie Turner . The character has received critical acclaim , being praised as the 4th greatest character in the series by Rolling Stone . She and the rest of the cast were nominated for Screen Actors Guild Awards for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series in 2012 , 2014 , 2015 and 2016 .

Boisdale is a town in the Central Gippsland region of Victoria , Australia , located on Briagolong Road , north of Maffra , in the Shire of Wellington . At the 2006 census , Boisdale and the surrounding area had a population of 275 . It is a small town in the heart of Gippsland 's dairying distinct . Boisdale includes not only the town itself , but the area surrounding the town , comprising mostly dairy and vegetable farms . It is situated approximately 9   km north of the larger town of Maffra . Boisdale is 176   km east of Australia 's second largest city , Melbourne , the capital of Victoria . Boisdale was the run of pioneer grazier Lachlan Macalister and was named after the village on the island of South Uist in the Outer Hebrides , Scotland . In the 1840s and 1850s , Boisdale was the local headquarters of the Native Police in the Gippsland region . This force would set out from their barracks , patrol the area and conduct punitive raids on various clans of the Gunai people . Macalister 's run , being the immediate area around the barracks , was one of the sites of mass aboriginal fatalities due to the Native Police . Boisdale Post Office opened on 24 September 1889 . Boisdale has a primary school , Boisdale Consolidated School , a local post office/ general store , mechanic , sporting facilities and the town 's pride and joy , The Boisdale Hall , dating back over a century in age . The town in conjunction with neighbouring township Briagolong has an Australian Rules football team Boisdale - Briagolong competing in the East Gippsland Football League .

Damaged is a split EP by Japanese bands Boris and Stupid Babies Go Mad . It was released in 2007 by Diwphalanx Records as a picture disc on 10″ vinyl and limited to 1500 copies . The release also comes with a DVD . The cover features a homage to the classic Black Flag logo and takes its name from Black Flag 's debut album Damaged . Both bands cover each other 's songs for this release ( Stupid Babies Go Mad covers " Ibitsu " and another song twice while Boris covers " Double Vision " ) . This release also came with a bonus DVD which features live footage of both bands . Stupid Babies Go Mad 's live footage is done with a stark black - and - white look while Boris ' part has bizarre cut - offs and camera manipulations , although by the second half of their part it 's left alone . " Evil Stack " is the first iteration released in a series of drone improvisations using the title . The second appears on Rock Dream , while the third is included on Präparat .

Kathryn Hahn ( born July 23 , 1973 ) is an American actress , fashion model and comedian . She began her career on television , playing Lily Lebowski in the NBC crime drama series Crossing Jordan ( 2001 – 07 ) . Hahn went on to appear as a supporting actress in a number of major comedy films , including roles in the films How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days ( 2003 ) , ( 2004 ) , Step Brothers ( 2008 ) , Our Idiot Brother ( 2011 ) , We 're the Millers ( 2013 ) , The Secret Life of Walter Mitty ( 2013 ) , and The Visit ( 2015 ) . As a lead actress , Hahn starred in the 2013 comedy - drama film Afternoon Delight , directed by Jill Soloway . She had a starring role in the comedy film Bad Moms ( 2016 ) , and its sequel , A Bad Moms Christmas ( 2017 ) . She has also appeared in a number of dramatic films , including Revolutionary Road ( 2008 ) , This Is Where I Leave You ( 2014 ) , Tomorrowland ( 2015 ) , The Visit ( 2015 ) , and Captain Fantastic ( 2016 ) . In 2017 , she received a nomination for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series for her work in Transparent ( 2014–present ) .

The Franklin – Nashville Campaign , also known as Hood 's Tennessee Campaign , was a series of battles in the Western Theater , conducted from September 18 to December 27 , 1864 , in Alabama , Tennessee , and northwestern Georgia during the American Civil War . The Confederate Army of Tennessee under Lt . Gen. John Bell Hood drove north from Atlanta , threatening Maj . Gen. William T. Sherman 's lines of communications and central Tennessee . After a brief attempt to pursue Hood , Sherman returned to Atlanta and began his March to the Sea , leaving Union forces under Maj . Gen. George H. Thomas to deal with Hood 's threat . Hood hoped to defeat the Union force under Maj . Gen. John Schofield before it could converge with Thomas 's army and attempted to do so at the Battle of Spring Hill on November 29 , but poorly coordinated Confederate attacks allowed Schofield to escape . The following day , Hood launched a series of futile frontal assaults against Schofield 's field fortifications in the Battle of Franklin , suffering heavy casualties ; Schofield withdrew his force and successfully linked up with Thomas in Nashville , Tennessee . On December 15–16 , Thomas 's combined army attacked Hood 's depleted army and routed it in the Battle of Nashville , sending it in retreat to Tupelo , Mississippi . Hood resigned his commission shortly thereafter and the Army of Tennessee ceased to exist as an effective fighting force .

Bristol is a suburban city located in Hartford County , Connecticut , United States , southwest of Hartford . The city is also 120 miles southwest from Boston , and approximately 100 miles northeast of New York City . As of the 2010 census , the population of the city was 60,477 . Bristol is best known as the home of ESPN , whose central studios are in the city . Bristol is also home to Lake Compounce ( 1846 ) , America 's oldest continuously operating theme park . Bristol was known as a clock - making city in the 19th century , and is home to the American Clock & Watch Museum . For silver enthusiasts , Bristol is also known as the site of the former American Silver Company and its predecessor companies ( 1851 – 1935 ) . Bristol 's nicknames include the " Bell City " , because of a history manufacturing innovative spring - driven doorbells , and the " Mum City " , because it was once a leader in chrysanthemum production and still holds an annual Bristol Mum Festival . In 2010 , Bristol was ranked 84th on Money magazine 's " Best Places to Live " . In 2013 , Hartford Magazine ranked Bristol as Greater Hartford 's top municipality in the " Best Bang for the Buck " category .

Luis Jorge Fontana ( born April 19 , 1846 in Buenos Aires , Argentina ; died October 18 , 1920 in San Juan , Argentina ) was an Argentine military officer , explorer , geographer , writer , and politician . He was the first governor of the national territory of Chubut ( now Chubut Province ) and founder of the city of Formosa . Fontana was born in Buenos Aires on April 19 , 1846 . His father was an official in the government of Juan Manuel de Rosas . When Fontana was young , his family moved to Carmen de Patagones . At age thirteen , Fontana entered the Military Command of Río Negro as a trainee ; he later fought in the Paraguayan War . After the war ended , he lived for a time in Buenos Aires , where he studied natural sciences , astronomy , and physics under Hermann Burmeister . He then returned to the army , and he was deployed on border expeditions exploring the Gran Chaco . During one expedition , he lost his left arm in a violent encounter with an indigenous group in the region . In 1879 , Fontana founded the city of Formosa , and he was awarded the rank of lieutenant colonel . He then returned to Patagonia , which he had visited as a child , and in 1884 he was named the first governor of the national territory of Chubut . There he directed the expedition to the west with an exploratory group named the Chubut Riflement ( Rifleros del Chubut ) , which discovered the October 16 Valley ( Valle 16 de Octubre ) , a fertile area in the foothills that would later be the site of the Welsh colony of Trevelin . Fontana spent his later years in San Juan , where he held various public and community offices . He died on October 18 , 1920 .

The American Association for Nude Recreation ( AANR ) is a naturist organization based in the United States . The AANR is the largest , longest - established organization of its kind in North America . It was founded in 1931 under its previous name American Sunbathing Association . Approximately 200 nudist resorts , clubs , and businesses choose to affiliate with AANR , and AANR serves over 30,000 members in the United States , Canada , Mexico , French West Indies , Virgin Islands , and St. Martin . The AANR promotes the benefits of wholesome nude family recreation and works to protect the rights of nudists in appropriate settings , such as sanctioned nude beaches and public lands set aside for that use ; as well as homes , private backyards , plus AANR - affiliated clubs , campgrounds and resorts . The AANR uses a portion of its collected membership fees to be politically active by campaigning and lobbying governments fighting to allow nudism in the US and Canada .

Metropolitan France ( or la Métropole ) , also known as European France or Mainland France , is the part of France in Europe . It comprises mainland France and nearby islands in the Atlantic Ocean , the English Channel ( ) , and the Mediterranean Sea , including Corsica . Overseas France ( la France d'outre - mer , or l'Outre - mer , or colloquially les DOM - TOM ) is the collective name for the part of France outside Europe : French overseas regions ( départements et régions d'outre - mer or DROM ) , territories ( territoires d'outre - mer or TOM ) , collectivities ( collectivités d'outre - mer or COM ) , and the sui generis collectivity ( collectivité sui generis ) of New Caledonia . Metropolitan France and Overseas France together form the French Republic . Metropolitan France accounts for 82.0 % of the land territory , 3.3 % of the exclusive economic zone ( EEZ ) , and 95.9 % of the population of the French Republic . The five overseas regions ( departments)—Martinique , Guadeloupe , Réunion , French Guiana , and Mayotte — have the same political status as metropolitan France 's regions . Metropolitan France and these five overseas regions together are sometimes called la France entière ( " the whole of France " ) by the French administration . But this France entière does not include the French overseas collectivities and territories that have more autonomy than do the overseas departments . In overseas France , a person from metropolitan France is often called a métro , short for métropolitain .

The Pleasantville Public Schools are a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in kindergarten through twelfth grade from the City of Pleasantville , in Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States . The district is one of 31 former Abbott districts statewide , which are now referred to as " SDA Districts " based on the requirement that the state cover all costs for school building and renovation projects in these districts under the supervision of the New Jersey Schools Development Authority . As of the 2014 - 15 school year , the district and its seven schools had an enrollment of 4,161 students and 357.3 classroom teachers ( on an FTE basis ) , for a student – teacher ratio of 11.6:1 . The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group " A " , the lowest of eight groupings . District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts . From lowest socioeconomic status to highest , the categories are A , B , CD , DE , FG , GH , I and J. Students from Absecon attend the district 's high school for ninth through twelfth grades as part of a sending / receiving relationship with the Absecon Public School District .

NBCNews.com , formerly known as msnbc.com , is a news website owned and operated by NBCUniversal as the online arm of NBC News . Along with original and wire reporting , it features content from NBC shows such as Today , NBC Nightly News and Dateline NBC , the MSNBC cable channel , and partners such as The New York Times . The site was founded in 1996 as a 50 - 50 venture between NBCUniversal and Microsoft at the same time as the two companies formed a separate joint venture for the cable news network MSNBC . Although they shared the same name , msnbc.com and MSNBC maintained separate corporate structures and news operations , with msnbc.com headquartered on the West Coast on the Microsoft campus in Redmond , Washington and MSNBC in the NBC headquarters in New York . Microsoft divested its stake in the MSNBC channel in 2005 , and divested its stake in msnbc.com in July 2012 . Gregory Gittrich , the former editor - in - chief of NBC Local Integrated Media and , before that , the assistant managing editor of the New York Daily News , was named vice president and executive editor of msnbc.com in October 2012 , and began to reduce the news staff , pulling back from doing original journalism online . He reported to Vivian Schiller , former chief executive officer of National Public Radio . By 2014 , with the msnbc.com staff greatly reduced , both Gittrich and Schiller had moved on to Vocativ .

The Revolutionary Communist Party of India ( ) ( abbreviated RCPI , ) is a small political party in India . The party was founded as the Communist League by Saumyendranath Tagore in 1934 , breaking away from the Communist Party of India ( CPI ) . RCPI led armed uprisings after the independence of India , but later shifted to parliamentary politics . The party is active in the West Bengal and Assam . The party was represented in the West Bengal Second United Front Cabinet ( 1969 ) as well as in various state government during the Left Front rule in the state ( 1977 – 2011 ) . In Assam the party won four Legislative Assembly seats in 1978 , but its political influence has since declined .

Bolt Thrower were a British death metal band from Coventry , England . They formed in 1986 and released their first album with Vinyl Solution in 1988 . The band then shifted to a new record label , Earache Records , soon becoming one of the best selling bands on that label . Their last label was Metal Blade Records . The band had a succession of members , and had toured Europe , the United States , and Australia . Over the course of their 30-year career , Bolt Thrower released eight studio albums , three EPs , one live album , two compilation albums and two demos . On 14 September 2016 the band announced that they were breaking up , following the death of drummer Martin Kearns exactly a year earlier .

The T. C. Steele State Historic Site ( also called the Theodore Clement Steele House and Studio , and named the House of the Singing Winds by its original owners ) is located in rural Brown County , Indiana , one and a half miles south of Belmont , between Bloomington and Nashville , Indiana . The property was the studio and home of Hoosier Group landscape and portrait artist Theodore Clement Steele ( 1847 – 1926 ) and Selma Neubacher Steele ( 1870 – 1945 ) , the artist 's second wife . Shortly before her death in 1945 , Selma donated the property on of land to the Indiana Department of Conservation ( the present - day Indiana Department of Natural Resources ) to establish a state historic site in memory of her husband . The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973 as the Theodore Clement Steele House and Studio . The Indiana State Museum operates the historic site , which is open to the public and offers guided tours of the home and studio .

Stephen IV ( , , ; 113311 April 1165 ) was King of Hungary and Croatia , ascending to the throne between 1163 and 1165 , when he usurped the crown of his nephew , Stephen III . He was the third son of Béla II of Hungary , and when his conspiracy against his brother failed , Géza II , he was exiled from Hungary in the summer of 1157 . He first sought refuge in the Holy Roman Empire , but received no support from Emperor Frederick I. Shortly afterwards he moved to the Byzantine Empire , where he married a niece of Emperor Manuel I Komnenos , Maria Komnene , and converted to the Orthodox Church . After Géza II died on 31 May 1162 , Emperor Manuel attempted to assist Stephen against his nephew and namesake , Stephen III , in seizing the crown . Although the Hungarian lords were willing to leave their young monarch , they sharply opposed Stephen and elected his brother , Ladislaus II , king . Ladislaus II granted the ducatus , or duchy , which included one - third of the kingdom , to Stephen . Ladislaus II died on 14 January 1163 , and Stephen succeeded him . Lucas , Archbishop of Esztergom , who remained a staunch supporter of the expelled young Stephen III , denied to crown him and excommunicated him . Stephen IV remained unpopular among the Hungarian lords , enabling his nephew to muster an army . In the decisive battle , which was fought at Székesfehérvár on 19 June 1163 , the younger Stephen routed his uncle , forcing him once again to flee Hungary . Stephen attempted to regain his crown with the assistance of Manuel I and Frederick I , but both emperors abandoned him . Emperor Manuel settled him in Syrmium , a province acquired from Hungary . He died of poisoning by his nephew 's partisans during the siege of Zimony ( now Zemun in Serbia ) .

Frederick Joseph Stevenson ( December 2 , 1895 - January 5 , 1928 ) was a Canadian bush pilot and aviation pioneer . Born in Ontario , the family moved to Winnipeg , Manitoba . In 1916 he joined the Canadian Expeditionary Force , and later serving in the British Royal Flying Corps he was awarded a Distinguished Flying Cross for destruction of enemy aircraft and observation balloons . After the war he became a commercial pilot for Western Canada Airways , most notably supporting mining development by flying 23 tons of cargo to a remote exploration site . Flying the material was less costly than packing it in overland , and helped establish the usefulness of aviation for the development of Canada 's North . He was killed in an airplane accident . For many years the Winnipeg airport was named Stevenson Field . Stevenson Lake and the Stevenson River in Manitoba are named after him .

Gameplay requires the use of a stylus to move colored blocks called " meteos " , which fall from the top of the screen . The game ends when the blocks fill up the screen ; to prevent this from happening , the player must launch three or more blocks of the same color onto the top of the screen to make them disappear . Playable characters include thirty - two aliens and their respective planets . Meteos received critical acclaim and reached number one in DS sales in the UK market during its first week , according to research company Chart - Track . It was compared to other puzzle games , such as Tetris ( 1984 ) and Lumines ( 2004 ) . The game received awards and nominations from several publications , including the CESA Game Awards ' Outstanding Performance Award . Versions were released for mobile phones and the Xbox Live Arcade in 2006 and 2008 , respectively . A sequel , Meteos : Disney Magic , was released for the Nintendo DS in 2007 .

Mamie Elizabeth Till - Mobley ( born Mamie Elizabeth Carthan ; November 23 , 1921 – January 6 , 2003 ) was the mother of Emmett Till , who was murdered in Mississippi on August 28 , 1955 , at the age of 14 , after being accused for flirting with a white cashier woman , Carolyn Bryant , at the grocery store . For her son 's funeral in Chicago , Mamie Till insisted that the casket containing his body be left open , because , in her words , " I wanted the world to see what they did to my baby . " Born in Mississippi , Till - Mobley moved with her parents to the Chicago area during the Great Migration . After her son 's murder she became an educator and activist in the Civil Rights Movement .

Olga Yakovlevna Ivanova ( ) ( born 1945 ) is a career diplomat who is the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Russian Federation to the Republic of Mauritius . Ivanova graduated from the Moscow State Institute of International Relations in 1968 , and worked in various diplomatic posts in the central offices of the USSR Ministry of Foreign Affairs and abroad . From 19921995 Ivanova worked in the Department of International Humanitarian and Cultural Cooperation of the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs , and from 19951999 was an adviser at the Permanent Mission of Russia to UNESCO in Paris , France . In February 2004 , Ivanova made history when she was appointed as Ambassador of Russia to Mauritius . Her posting to Mauritius was the first time in the history of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs that a woman was posted as an ambassador to a foreign nation . Ivanova speaks Russian , English , and Arabic .

Peter Arnoldus Petersen ( 21 March 1851 – 12 August 1916 ) was a Norwegian businessman . He was born in Christiania as a son of a German father and Danish mother ; merchant Johan Gottfried Schmidt and Frederikke Døderlein . Both his parents died in 1852 , and he was adopted by his mother 's sister , who was married to wealthy businessman Peter J. K. Petersen ( 1821 – 1896 ) . He was a first cousin of Sigvart Petersen . His adoptive father died in 1896 , and Petersen inherited the family company Peter Petersen & Co and his father 's title as consul general for the Austro - Hungarian Empire . His adoptive father had been manager and chair of Nydalens Compagnie , and Peter Arnoldus Petersen served as board member from 1883 to his death in 1916 and chair from 1911 to 1912 . He backed down from the chairmanship because of declining health .

The Toronto South Detention Centre is a correctional facility in the district of Etobicoke in Toronto , Ontario , Canada . It is a Government of Ontario - operated maximum - security correctional facility for adult male inmates serving a sentence of 2-years - less - a - day or less , and offenders who have been remanded into custody while awaiting trial . It is built on the site of the former Mimico Correctional Centre , which closed in 2011 and whose origins dated back to 1887 . The Toronto South Detention Centre officially opened on January 29 , 2014 replacing the Toronto Jail , the Toronto West Detention Centre , and the demolished Mimico Correctional Centre . The Toronto South Detention Centre is the second - largest jail in Canada ; The Edmonton Remand Centre being the largest .

Oxana Yablonskaya (; born December 6 , 1938 , Moscow ) is a Russian pianist who has had an active international performance career since the early 1960s . She began her career in the USSR and , although winning several important competitions in the West , was denied permission by the Soviet government to accept any performance engagements outside of the Soviet bloc . Frustrated by her career limitations , she emigrated to the United States in 1977 . Described by The New York Times as an " internationally known virtuoso " and " one of the country 's most distinguished musical residents " , Yablonskaya has toured in concert and recital throughout the world and has made numerous recordings . She taught as a member of the piano faculty at the Juilliard School for more than 30 years , until 2009 .

Abdoulaye Idrissa Maïga ( born 11 March 1958 ) is a Malian politician who was the Prime Minister of Mali from 8 April 2017 to 29 December 2017 . Previously he was Minister of Defence since 3 September 2016 . As Defence Minister he succeeded Tiéman Hubert Coulibaly , who resigned after the takeover of the village of Boni by jihadist forces . Maïga previously served as Minister of Territorial Administration and Minister for the Environment , Water and Sanitation . During the 2013 presidential election , he was campaign director of Ibrahim Boubacar Keïta , who was elected as President . On 8 April 2017 President Keïta appointed him as Prime Minister . A new government headed by Maïga was appointed on 11 April 2017 . In the new government , Tiéna Coulibaly succeeded Maïga as Minister of Defence . He surprisingly resigned his position on 29 December 2017 alongside his government . Maïga was born in Gao . He is a member of the Rally for Mali .

Charlotte Angus ( February 2 , 1911 – March 2 , 1989 ) was an American artist . A native of Kansas City , Missouri , Angus moved to Philadelphia when young and grew up in that city . She studied at the University of the Arts and the Graphic Sketch Club there before taking a job with an advertising agency , which she lost due to the Great Depression . She then , in 1936 , became involved with the Federal Art Project , beginning by painting sets for the Federal Theater Project and continuing by contributing to the Index of American Design . At the end of the project in 1942 she studied drafting , taking a position as a draftswoman at the Naval Air Medical Center in Philadelphia . She also created posters for the Works Progress Administration . Angus married John Stefanak in 1947 and settled with him in southwestern Pennsylvania , where she continued to exhibit her art . She died in Pulaski , Pennsylvania , and is buried in Saint Ann 's Cemetery in Hermitage . A lithograph by Angus , Derelicts , is owned by the Spencer Museum of Art . Much of the work she produced for the Index of American Design is currently held by the National Gallery of Art .

Johnny Mathis Sings the Music of Bacharach & Kaempfert is an album by American pop singer Johnny Mathis that was released in the fall of 1970 by Columbia Records . While one half of the two - record set was a compilation of tracks from his previous albums that were composed by Burt Bacharach , the other consisted of new recordings of songs composed by Bert Kaempfert , including a new version of " Strangers in the Night " , which Mathis had already recorded in 1966 for his LP Johnny Mathis Sings . Although the Kaempfert tribute was similar to recent Mathis albums in that he was mainly covering songs made popular by other singers , it was absent of hits from the 12 months previous to its release that had become the pattern of his output at this point . The latest US chartings of any of the Kaempfert compositions as of this album 's debut came from 1967 recordings of " Lady " by Jack Jones and " The Lady Smiles " by Matt Monro . The album made its first appearance on Billboard magazine 's Top LP 's chart in the issue dated January 23 , 1971 , and reached number 169 during its seven weeks there . Sides one and two of Kaempfert songs had already been released in the UK as Johnny Mathis Sings the Music of Bert Kaempfert in November 1969 .

The American Broadcasting Company ( ABC ) is an American broadcast television television network owned by the Disney Media Networks subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company , which originated in 1927 as the NBC Blue radio network , and five years after its 1942 divorce from NBC and purchase by Edward J. Noble ( adopting its current name the following year ) , expanded into television in April 1948 . , the network currently has eight owned - and - operated stations , and current affiliation agreements with 238 other television stations . This article is a listing of current ABC affiliates in the continental United States and U.S. possessions ( including subchannel affiliates , satellite stations and select low - power translators ) , arranged alphabetically by state , and based on the station 's city of license , and followed in parentheses by the Designated Market Area if it differs from the city of license . There are links to and articles on each of the stations , describing their histories , local programming and technical information , such as broadcast frequencies . The station 's advertised channel number follows the call letters . In most cases , this is their virtual channel ( PSIP ) number . Stations listed in boldface are owned and operated by ABC through its subsidiary ABC Owned Television Stations .

The Great Hall of the People is a state building located at the western edge of Tiananmen Square in Beijing . It is used for legislative and ceremonial activities by the government of the People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) and the ruling Communist Party of China . The People 's Great Hall functions as the meeting place for the full sessions of the National People 's Congress ( NPC ) , the Chinese legislature , which occurs every year during March along with the national session of the Chinese People 's Political Consultative Conference ( CPPCC ) , a political advisory body . It is also the meeting place of the National Congress of the Communist Party of China , which , since 1982 , has occurred once every five years and the party 's Central Committee which meets approximately once a year . The Hall is also used for many special events , including national level meetings of various social and political organisations , large anniversary celebrations , as well as the memorial services for former leaders . The Great Hall of the People is also a popular attraction in the city frequented by tourists visiting the capital .

Papat Limpad ( English : Four Champions ) is a seven - month writing competition in the Javanese - language Wikipedia . The purpose of this competition is to revitalize the " barely alive " Javanese - language Wikipedia . Javanese Wikipedia started in January 2003 , began to have a larger number of regular contributors in mid-2006 , and began to see its golden era for seven years in 2008 . However , the activity decreased and returned to 2006 status , with only 2 to 1 regular contributors for the last two years . The Javanese language Wikipedia ranked 71 in the number of pages being viewed by 1.2 million viewers a month ( before intervention ) . Wikimedia Indonesia believes that Javanese Wikipedia has an untapped potential growth and an untapped potential editor base that needs to be reached .

Sound City : Real to Reel is the official soundtrack of the documentary Sound City . It was officially released on March 12 , 2013 . The songs " Cut Me Some Slack " , " From Can to Ca n't " , " You Ca n't Fix This " , and " Mantra " were made available on Sound Citys official YouTube channel on December 14 , 2012 , January 15 , 2013 , February 15 , 2013 , and March 8 , 2013 , respectively . Dave Grohl founded the supergroup Sound City Players with many of the musicians who appear in this movie and who he played with live for the soundtrack . The soundtrack received two Grammy Awards : Best Compilation Soundtrack for Visual Media and Best Rock Song ( for " Cut Me Some Slack " ) .

The Mungana affair involved the sale to the Government of Queensland , Australia , in 1922 , of some mining properties in the Chillagoe - Mungana districts of northern Queensland , at a grossly inflated price . At that time , Ted Theodore was Premier of Queensland and William McCormack , Member for Cairns and a former Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland , In 1927 Theodore entered Federal politics , while McCormack became Premier of Queensland from 1925 to 1929 . In 1929 the Queensland Government appointed a Royal Commission to investigate the sale . The Commission found that at the time of the sale in 1922 , Theodore and McCormack each secretly held 25 % ownership of the properties sold . In July 1930 , the scandal forced Theodore to resign from his role as Treasurer of Australia . McCormack had already resigned from Queensland Parliament in February 1930 before the adverse findings by the Royal Commission . The Queensland Government did not charge either man with any offence .

Doublehead ( 1744 – 1807 ) or Incalatanga ( Tal - tsu'tsa in Cherokee ) , was one of the most feared warriors of the Cherokee during the Cherokee – American wars . In 1788 , his brother , Old Tassel , was chief of the Cherokee people , but was killed under a truce ( negotiating peace ) by frontier rangers . In 1791 Doublehead was among a delegation of Cherokees who visited U.S. President George Washington in Philadelphia . After the peace treaty at the Tellico Blockhouse in 1794 , Doublehead served as one of the leaders of the Chickamauga Cherokee ( or " Lower Cherokee " ) . Upon the death of his nephew , Principal Chief John Watts , in 1802 , Doublehead was chosen as leader of the Chickamauga ( taking on the title Chuqualataque ) .

Tomer Yosef ( in Hebrew תומר יוסף ; born in Kfar Saba , Israel on 8 September 1975 ) is an Israeli singer and lead vocalist for the Israeli - American electronica - world fusion band Balkan Beat Box . The band founded by Tamir Muskat , Ori Kaplan included Tomer Yosef as a core member of the formation and its lead singer . Yosef started his career as a stand - up comedian in 1994 , appearing frequently on Israeli radio and television and played roles in a few Israeli television series , writing and directing the TV series Platfus himself . and appearing in 1998 in series הצל של החיוך שלך ( Ha - Tzel , Shel Hachiuch Shelchah ) and in the film ביקור התזמורת ( in English , The Band 's Visit ) He then moved to New York in 1998 working with Itamar Ziegler in Zion Train . In 2001 , he participated in the TV show כוכבי השכונה ( Kochvey Hashchuna meaning Pop in the Neighborhood ) as a band drummer . In 2002 he cooperated with Tamir Muskat to produce his first album , תגידו משהו ( meaning Say Something ) . He worked as an electronic artist , and written , composed , and produced with Muskat . In 2004 he started a DJ set and performed all over Israel , before joining Balkan Beat Box as a guest singer on their 2005 debut album also called Balkan Beat Box . He also continued as a main vocal performer in their live shows . Yosef released his second album צוחקים מתחת לאדמה ( in English : Laughing Underground ) in 2006 mostly influenced by reggae , dancehall and pop rock , and in 2009 his third album הטרמפולינה עם בן with Balkan Beat Box musician Ben Handler and השחר 35 in 2011 .

Tharman Shanmugaratnam (; ; born 25 February 1957 ) is a Singaporean politician and economist . He is currently Deputy Prime Minister and Coordinating Minister for Economic and Social Policies . He is also Chairman of the Monetary Authority of Singapore ( MAS ) , Singapore 's central bank and financial regulator . In April 2017 , Tharman was appointed to chair a G20 Eminent Persons Group on Global Financial Governance , which was set up to review the system of multilateral financial institutions . He also succeeded Jean - Claude Trichet as Chairman of the Group of Thirty , an independent global council of leading economic and financial policy - makers from January 1 , 2017 . He has spent his working life in public service , in roles related to economic policy and education . He served as Minister for Finance from 2007 to 2015 , and as Minister for Education from 2003 to 2008 .

Surry Mountain Lake is a impoundment on the Ashuelot River in Cheshire County in southwestern New Hampshire , United States , in the town of Surry . The reservoir was built to protect downstream communities , such as Keene , from flooding . Surry Mountain Dam was built by the United States Army Corps of Engineers in 1941 as an earthen rock - fill structure . Its height is , its length is at the crest , with a maximum capacity of 44,000 acre - feet and a normal capacity of 1,320 acre - feet . Both dam and reservoir are owned by the Corps of Engineers . The lake is classified as a warmwater fishery , with observed species including rainbow trout , brown trout , smallmouth and largemouth bass , chain pickerel , horned pout , and black crappie .

Diane de France , suo jure Duchess of Angoulême ( 25 July 1538 – 11 January 1619 ) was the natural ( illegitimate ) daughter of Henry II , King of France , and his Piedmontese mistress Filippa Duci . Disproven sources claim that she was the daughter of Diane de Poitiers , because the latter was already Henry II 's mistress by the time she brought up the little girl under her care . Diane was born in Paris during 1538 and was formally legitimised in 1547 . She was married on 14 February 1552 to Orazio Farnese , Duke of Castro , but was later widowed in 1553 after Orazio was killed in battle at Hesdin . Diane 's second marriage was to Francis de Montmorency in 1559 , who was the eldest son of Anne , Constable of France . Diane was widowed for a second time in 1579 , after helping her to make her husband a leader of the politiques , a moderate Roman Catholic group in France . Diane became a favourite of Henry III , King of France , who made her Duchess of Angoulême in appanage ( during her lifetime only ) during 1582 . Diane also enjoyed much respect at the court of Henry IV , King of France , and superintended the education of his son Louis XIII . She was known to sing and could play the lute and other musical instruments . Diane died on 11 January 1619 in Paris . Her surviving letters reveal her as a woman of great courage and tolerance .

Rocket Cottage is an album by British folk rock band Steeleye Span . This was the band 's ninth album , and the second produced by Mike Batt . It was hoped that the album would cement the band 's popular and commercial success , building on their breakthrough into the UK Top 10 with their previous album All Around My Hat and its title track , which reached # 5 on the UK singles chart . Unfortunately , Rocket Cottage was a victim of bad timing - by the time it was released , the sudden explosion of the British Punk scene saw audience tastes in the UK rapidly shift away from formerly popular genres like folk rock and progressive rock , and groups that previously been critical favourites , like Steeleye Span and Yes , soon found themselves being derided as " dinosaurs " . Rocket Cottage failed to break into the Top 40 , and it was the last album recorded by the " classic " mid - Seventies lineup of the group , with Peter Knight and Bob Johnson both subsequently leaving the group . The album is perhaps the band 's most rock - influenced album , with very prominent guitars and a strong rhythm section . Some fans consider this one of the band 's best efforts , pointing to strong tracks like " London " , " Fighting for Strangers " , " Sir James the Rose " , and " Orfeo / Nathan 's Reel " , the first three of which became classics of the band and fan favorites . Others , however , find the album erratic , complaining that the band 's rhythm section tends to overwhelm the vocals , particularly on " Orfeo " , " The Twelve Witches " , and ( to a lesser extent ) " The Brown Girl " . Oddly for an instrumental piece , " Nathan 's Reel " simply fades out . The most peculiar decision was the inclusion of an unrehearsed version of " Camptown Racetrack " ; years later Maddy Prior remarked , " I ca n't think what we were thinking of with that . " This was the band 's ninth album in five years , and many feel that their exhaustion is evident . Peter Knight has said that the band was being pressured to write and adapt music for the commercial market , which led to considerable dissatisfaction among the band members . Both he and Bob Johnson were seriously considering leaving the band , particularly because they wanted to work on a musical version of The King of Elfland 's Daughter , Chrysalis Records agreed to allow them to record that album if they agreed to record ' Rocket ' . Lacking any interest in the album that Knight and Johnson produced , Chrysalis made little effort to promote the album , and Knight and Johnson chose to depart the band after ' Rocket ' was released .

The Social Democratic Party ( , PSD ) was a centrist political party in France . Originally named Democratic Socialist Movement of France ( Mouvement démocrate socialiste de France , MDSF ) , the party was founded in 1973 , by a split from the Socialist Party ( PS ) . Its founders ( among them Max Lejeune , André Santini , Pierre - Cristophe Baguet , Charles Baur , Émile Muller , Joseph Klifa and Auguste Locoeur ) opposed to the alliance with the French Communist Party ( PCF ) arranged by François Mitterrand on behalf of the PS based on the Common Programme . In 1978 , the PSD joined the Union for French Democracy ( UDF ) , the centre - right confederation created in order to support President Valéry Giscard d'Estaing . In 1995 , the PSD merged with the Centre of Social Democrats ( CDS ) , the Christian - democratic component of the confederation , to form Democratic Force ( FD ) , which later became the core of a unified UDF in 1998 .

The Melado is a river of Linares province , Maule Region , of Chile . It rises in the " Cordillera de los Andes " with the name of river Guaiquivilo where it is formed by two tributaries , the river Cajón Troncoso , born near the Argentine border and the river Palaleo , from the outflow of Dial lake , located some 70   km upstream from the joining of the two rivers . The Guaiquivilo flows northwardly along a typical interandean longitudinal valley . On its left bank the Guaiquivilo is flanked by the Melado sierra , which has peaks that often surpass 2.500 mt and which constitute a natural barrier between the Guaiquivilo basin and those of the rivers Longaví , Achibueno and Ancoa , all tributary of the river Loncomilla , which , in its turn , is the main tributary of river Maule . On its right bank , the Guaiquivilo is joined by the river San Pedro or La Puente which is born from a glacier related to the San Pedro ( or Las Yeguas ) volcano . From this point onwards , the river takes the name of Melado . The river Melado is dammed to generate hydroelectric power in the Pehuenche Hydroelectric Plant . The Melado joins the river Maule when the latter has already flowed for 75   km . The Canal Melado transports water from the Melado river through the Guaiquivilo basin and a tunnel of 4,2   km to the Ancoa River .

The Head of Janus ( ) is a 1920 German horror silent film directed by F. W. Murnau . The film was an unauthorized adaptation of Robert Louis Stevenson 's novel The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde , but the source material went unrecognized by some of the German media due to changes in the characters ' names . Released on 17 September 1920 by the Lipow Co. , this is one of Murnau 's lost films . The screenplay was written by Hans Janowitz , who collaborated with Carl Mayer on the script for The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari ( 1919 ) . While the film itself does not survive , the scripts and related production notes do . Because the film is lost , its full length is unknown .

Owen Murphy ( 9 December 1827 – 4 October 1895 ) was a Canadian private banker , insurance agent and politician . Born in Stoneham , Quebec , the son of Nicholas Murphy and Ellen O'Brien , both of Irish ancestry , he was a member of the Quebec City Council from 1871 to 1874 and was mayor of Quebec City from 1874 to 1878 . In the 1881 Quebec election , he ran unsuccessfully as the Liberal candidate in the riding of Québec - Ouest . He was elected in the 1886 election and re - elected in the 1890 election . He died in Quebec City at the age of 68 . Before entering business on his own , he was employed in the lumber exporting business . He was also a director for the Quebec Central Railway . Murphy married Elizabeth Loughry in 1857 .

Jonatan Berg ( born 9 May 1985 in Torsby ) is a former Swedish footballer . His natural position was on the central midfield , but he also worked well as a right winger . After playing for his local club and Torsby IF , he joined IFK Göteborg in 2002 . After a couple of years his younger brother Marcus Berg ( now being a player for the national team of Sweden ) also joined IFK Göteborg . Jonatan was n't a pick for the starting line up and therefore he went to loan in 2006 to the Gothenburg rival of GAIS where he played as a starter . In 2007 , he went on loan to Trelleborgs FF in 2007 . In 2008 , he stayed at IFK Göteborg but played only 9 games , of which 7 was as a starter . In 2009 , he moved on to Gefle IF . There , he became an important player with great teamwork and being good on set pieces . In July 2010 , after having a trial he moved on to Italy and Serie C1 , joining Taranto which are aiming to reach Serie B.

Civil Revolution ( , RC ) was a left - wing coalition of political parties in Italy . The coalition was headed by Antonio Ingroia , a former anti - mafia prosecutor of Palermo from 1992 to 2012 and then director of a UN investigation into illegal drug trade in Guatemala in 2012 . The foundation of RC was preceded by the manifesto Io ci sto , presented by Ingroia on 21 December in Rome . Among the signatories of this appeal were Franco Battiato , Fiorella Mannoia , Luigi de Magistris , Leoluca Orlando , Milly Moratti , Massimiliano Bruno , Max Paiella , Sabina Guzzanti , Vauro and Enrico Fierro . The coalition had an anti - corruption platform . In the 2013 general election the party obtained 2.2 % of the vote , returning no seats in the Italian Parliament . Soon after RC was dissolved on 2 April 2013 , and Ingroia launched Civil Action , a non - party association .

" The Way You Make Me Feel " is a song by American recording artist Michael Jackson . It was released by Epic Records on November 9 , 1987 as the third single from his seventh studio album , Bad ( 1987 ) . It was written and composed by Jackson , and produced by Quincy Jones and Jackson . Aside from appearing on Jackson 's Bad album , the song has also been featured on the first disc of Jackson 's compilation album in 1995 , Number Ones in 2003 , The Ultimate Collection in 2004 , The Essential Michael Jackson in 2005 , in 2006 and This Is It in 2009 . " The Way You Make Me Feel " has been covered by multiple recording artists . The song received positive reviews from contemporary critics . " The Way You Make Me Feel " became Bad 's third consecutive single to peak at number one on the Billboard Hot 100 , and charted mainly within the top ten and twenty internationally . A music video for " The Way You Make Me Feel " was released at the time showing Jackson pursuing and dancing with former model Tatiana Thumbtzen . Since the music video 's release , it has become influential on other artists ' material . The song has been performed on all of Jackson 's world concert tours as a solo artist , and was planned to have been performed during the This Is It concerts from 2009 to 2010 . Notable live performances of the song by Jackson include a performance at the 1988 Grammy Awards ceremony .

" One weekend a month , two weeks a year " is a former recruiting slogan used by the U.S. Army National Guard . It indicated the amount of time an individual would need to spend actively in the Guard to be a Guardsman with benefits . Though never officially , it was also informally used by Air National Guard , U.S. Army Reserve , U.S. Naval Reserve , U.S. Marine Corps Reserve , U.S. Air Force Reserve and U.S. Coast Guard Reserve personnel in describing their similar military time commitment . It was dropped during the Iraq War after it became clear that National Guardsmen and Reservists were now serving considerably more time in service , especially on active military duty on extended overseas deployments in the Southwest Asia combat zone .

The Hanau - Gelnhausen high - speed railway is a planned railway connecting Hanau and Gelnhausen in Germany . It would start from local tracks in Hanau and connect with the Hanover – Würzburg high - speed railway at Gelnhausen . The railway would improve journey times for trains travelling from Frankfurt - am - Main to both Berlin and Munich . Trains travelling to Berlin would be able to reach the Hanover – Würzburg high - speed railway quickly and trains travelling to Munich would , if the connection includes a triangular junction , allow high - speed trains to bypass Aschaffenburg ( where high - speed trains stop on the way to Munich ) and reach Würzburg quicker . The federal transport minister told parliament in 2010 that construction would not commence prior to 2025 . Despite this the federal government has allocated funds to continue the planning process .

" We Lost the Road " is a song by the Bee Gees , it was written by Barry Gibb and Robin Gibb and was released on their 1972 album To Whom It May Concern . It was originally recorded in Trafalgar sessions on January 28 , 1971 ( and the first song recorded for Trafalgar . ) Lead vocals by Barry , with the lyrics of verse 3 before verse 2 , It is likely that many other songs had alternate vocal tracks that were replaced , most of which are totally gone now unless they survived on acetates or rough mix tapes , but it was dropped from the album , This track was re - recorded with lead vocals by Barry and Robin , and that version was released in 1972 .

Mohamed Abu Samra is the current secretary - general of the Islamic Party , which is the political arm of Egyptian Islamic Jihad . Abu Samra stated in an interview that the Muslim Brotherhood was not successful in applying Sharia and that he supported the changing of the government . However , in an interview with Cairo Al - Akhbar , he called for a revolt if President Mohamed Morsy was deposed . As of September 2013 he was calling for peaceful protests and disavowed the actions of jihadist groups in the Sinai . He called on Egyptian judges to adhere to the law by stopping their strike that occurred in 2012 . Abu Sanra said that he would be opposed twords returning Israeli Jews of Egyptian descent to Egypt in response to a comment made by Essam el - Erian , a member of the Freedom and Justice Party and an adviser to then president Mohamed Morsi ; he also stated that according to Sharia law , Jews deserve to be fought and killed by Muslims .

The Morean War ( ) is the better - known name for the Sixth Ottoman – Venetian War . The war was fought between 1684 – 1699 , as part of the wider conflict known as the " Great Turkish War " , between the Republic of Venice and the Ottoman Empire . Military operations ranged from Dalmatia to the Aegean Sea , but the war 's major campaign was the Venetian conquest of the Morea ( Peloponnese ) peninsula in southern Greece . On the Venetian side , the war was fought to avenge the loss of Crete in the Cretan War ( 1645 – 1669 ) , while the Ottomans were entangled in their northern frontier against the Habsburgs and were unable to concentrate their forces against the Republic . As such , the Morean War holds the distinction of being the only Ottoman – Venetian conflict from which Venice emerged victorious , gaining significant territory . Venice 's expansionist revival would be short - lived however , as its gains would be reversed by the Ottomans in 1718 .

Winnie - the - Pooh ( 1926 ) is the first volume of stories about Winnie - the - Pooh , written by A. A. Milne and illustrated by E. H. Shepard . It is followed by The House at Pooh Corner . The book focuses on the adventures of a teddy bear called Winnie - the - Pooh and his friends Piglet , a small toy pig ; Eeyore , a toy donkey ; Owl , a live owl ; and Rabbit , a live rabbit . The characters of Kanga , a toy kangaroo , and her son Roo are introduced later in the book , in the chapter entitled " In Which Kanga and Baby Roo Come to the Forest and Piglet has a Bath " . The bouncy toy - tiger character of Tigger is not introduced until the sequel , The House at Pooh Corner . In 2003 , Winnie the Pooh was listed at number 7 on the BBC 's survey The Big Read .

Sonnet is a song by Britpop band The Verve and is featured on their third album , Urban Hymns . It was released 2 March 1998 as the final single from the album ( see 1998 in British music ) . The song has the same instrumental layout as " The Drugs Do n't Work " , consisting of acoustic and electric guitars backed up with a string section which is mainly made up of violins . At the start of 1998 , Hut asked The Verve to put out another single from the album , an idea which the band disagreed with . Unusually , Hut pressed them on this matter , and so the band finally agreed to release " Sonnet " , but only in a format that would make it ineligible for chart recognition . Consequently , " Sonnet " was released as part of a set of four 12-inch records ( backed by " Stamped " , " So Sister " and " Echo Bass " ) . The release was limited to just 5000 copies , despite the huge radio coverage it received , and the official chart refused to recognize it as a single because of the extra content , as planned . The pack was released in a cardboard mailer , and the preceding three singles from the album , all re - released on the same day , fitted into the mailer . However , sales of an imported format resulted in it charting in the UK at # 74 . In Australia , " Sonnet " peaked at # 83 on the ARIA singles chart in January 1999 . " Sonnet " appeared on the MTV animated series Daria in the first episode of the third season , when she starts thinking about using contact lenses .

" Take a Look Around " is a song by the American nu metal band Limp Bizkit . It is the tenth track on their third album Chocolate Starfish and the Hot Dog Flavored Water and was released as the lead single from the album in July 2000 . The song received a Grammy nomination for Best Hard Rock Performance in 2001 , but lost to Rage Against the Machine 's " Guerrilla Radio " . Previously in 2000 RATM lost to Bizkit in MTV Video Music Awards , which caused an incident featuring RATM bassist Tim Commerford climb on the set . The main riff of the song is derived from the original composed by Lalo Schifrin and appears on the soundtrack to the 2000 film . An instrumental version of " Take a Look Around " was released as a promo and later included as a B - side on some versions of the " Rollin ' " single .

The Church of the Presidents is a former Episcopal chapel on the Jersey Shore where seven United States presidents worshiped . It was visited by presidents Chester A. Arthur , James Garfield , Ulysses S. Grant , Benjamin Harrison , Rutherford Hayes , William McKinley , and Woodrow Wilson . All except Grant were in office when they paid their visits to the church . For approximately 75 years it was a seasonal summer resort church , located at 1260 Ocean Avenue in Long Branch , Monmouth County , New Jersey , United States , just across the street from the Atlantic Ocean . In 1953 the Episcopal Diocese deconsecrated the church and slated it for demolition . Local preservationists stepped in and in 1955 the old chapel was rededicated as the Long Branch Historical Museum . Today the building is undergoing extensive structural repairs and renovations . It is closed to the public .

Charles Pattinson ( sometimes credited as Charlie Pattinson ) is a British television producer . His initial career was in the theatre , where he was an assistant director at the Royal Court Theatre in the mid-1980s . In 1985 he moved into television , joining the staff of the BBC as a production trainee , before eventually becoming a producer in the drama department . He produced a variety of series and one - offs for the Corporation during the 1990s , of which the best known are 1996 's Our Friends in the North ( winner of the 1997 Best Drama Serial accolades from both the British Academy Television Awards and the Royal Television Society ) and the 1997 Jimmy McGovern serial The Lakes . In 1998 , he and fellow producer George Faber set up their own independent production company , Company Pictures . The company has produced several notable and award - winning series and one - offs , such as Shameless , The Life and Death of Peter Sellers , Skins , Elizabeth I , Talk to Me and Wild At Heart . In 2014 , he executive produced The Missing for New Pictures . He is also set to executive produce the upcoming supernatural drama television series Requiem .

Super Robin Hood is a Robin Hood - themed platform game published in November 1985 by Codemasters . It was reworked as Robin Hood : Legend Quest in 1992 when it was also released for the Amiga and Atari ST . The Oliver twins developed the game for the Amstrad CPC when they were age 17 ; it was their first game published by Codemasters . Codemasters offered the brothers £ 10,000 for the game , because the company expected to sell 100,000 copies with royalties of 10p per unit sold . The twins worked on a single computer in a bedroom of their parents ' house . Working in shifts , they coded for 18 to 23 hours per day ; they took 30 minute breaks to allow the computer to cool . Sometimes , one brother coded on paper while the other used the computer . The game was well - received by critics , and sold well . After Codemasters asked the brothers to produce another game , they developed Ghost Hunters , which was released in February 1986 . Codemasters reworked Super Robin Hood for the NES ( also released on the four - in - one NES cartridge Quattro Adventure , published by Camerica in 1993 ) . This reworked version was also released as Robin Hood : Legend Quest in 1992 and 1993 on both the 8-bit home computers the first game had been released on as well as 16-bit home computers .

Australia – Japan relations are foreign relations between Australia and Japan . The relationships are generally warm and have since continued to grown strong over the years , both nations being considerably close , substantial and driven by mutual interests , with both nations having close ties with the Western world . Japan is one of Australia 's major economic partners : it is Australia 's second " largest trading partner and an increasingly important source of capital investment " . In recent times the relations have expanded beyond strong economic and commercial links to other spheres , including culture , tourism , defense and scientific cooperation . There was some tension in the early stage of the relationship , such as World War II , whaling , and Japan 's perceived economic domination during the 1980s and early 1990s . However , the Australian government and business leaders see Japan as a vital export market and an essential element in Australia 's future growth and prosperity in the Asia - Pacific region . Japan on its part regards Australia as an important partner , a reliable source of energy , minerals and other primary products , a popular tourist destination , a useful conduit to the West and the only other middle - ranking economic power in the Asia - Pacific . Australia 's former Prime - Minister Tony Abbott recently hailed Japan as Australia 's closest friend in Asia , and planned on creating a Free Trade Agreement between the two nations in the coming year . Defence Minister Marise Payne described Japan as a " key partner " in the region , Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida describing the relationship as the linchpin of security in the Asia - Pacific .

The Indian Institute of Planning and Management ( IIPM ) was an unaccredited institute headquartered in New Delhi , which previously had 18 branches across India . The Institute has been widely criticized for false advertisements and fraudulent practices . After several controversies , the school 's Honorary Dean Arindam Chaudhuri decided to shut down all campuses across India , except the one in Delhi . Founded in 1973 , the institute used to offer undergraduate , postgraduate and doctoral programmes in national economic planning and entrepreneurship , and international and fellowship programmes . Its executive education programmes include non - credit courses and visits to foreign business schools . IIPM is not accredited by UGC or All India Council for Technical Education ( AICTE ) , and is not affiliated with the public Indian Institutes of Management . IIPM has been involved in controversies about its advertising . The University Grants Commission ( UGC)a government organisation responsible for the standards of university education in Indiaand the All India Council for Technical Education ( AICTE ) have repeatedly issued public notices stating that they do not recognise IIPM , and that they deem its technical programmes invalid . IIPM has responded by stating that it does not issue degrees and that it is not a university . In September 2014 Delhi High Court censured IIPM for misleading students and restrained it from using words like MBA , BBA , management course , and b - school to describe the programs it offers . In July 2015 , IIPM announced that it will stop offering education programmes directly , and shut down all its campuses outside Delhi . It will operate only as a research and training institute in Delhi .

" Luv Your Life " is the third single by Australian rock band Silverchair from their fourth album Diorama , which was released in 2002 . The song was released as a single and a video was made in which the band was portrayed as animated characters . This is mostly because Daniel Johns was incapacitated by his reactive arthritis , and the band needed to release another song to prevent commercial momentum for the album to come to a complete halt . When watching the video , one can see that Chris and Ben 's animated characters seem to be more fluid and realistic than Daniel 's . This may be due to Chris and Ben doing some sort of motion capture for the making of the video . Chris stated that this song is his favourite off the album . " Luv Your Life " was dedicated by Johns to " all my ladies " , and was written on piano and featured an orchestral arrangement by Van Dyke Parks . The single peaked at number   20 on the Australian Recording Industry Association Singles Chart .

Wonder Boys is a 2000 comedy - drama film directed by Curtis Hanson and written by Steve Kloves . An international co - production between the United States , the United Kingdom , Germany , and Japan , it is based on the novel of the same name by Michael Chabon . Michael Douglas stars as professor Grady Tripp , a novelist who teaches creative writing at a university but has been unable to finish his second novel . The film was shot in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , including locations at Carnegie Mellon University , Chatham University , and Shady Side Academy . Other Pennsylvania locations included Beaver , Rochester and Rostraver Township . After the film failed at the box office , there was a second attempt to find an audience with a new marketing campaign and a November 8 , 2000 re - release , which was also a financial disappointment .

The discography of Chief Keef , an American rapper . Chief Keef released his first studio album Finally Rich in 2012 , which contained several successful singles , including " I Do n't Like " , " Hate Bein ' Sober " , and " Love Sosa " . The album peaked at number 29 on the Billboard 200 and number 2 on the Billboard Rap chart . In 2013 he was featured on several hit songs by other rappers . In 2014 he released the single " Faneto " , which went on to become a viral phenomenon . In 2014 he released his mixtape Back from the Dead 2 , which was met with critical acclaim from critics . In 2015 he was featured on Travis Scott 's debut album Rodeo on the song " Nightcrawler " . He later released the album Bang 3 in two parts .

Universitetskaya Embankment ( ) is a 1.2   km long embankment on the right bank of the Bolshaya Neva , on Vasilievsky Island in Saint Petersburg , Russia . Starting at the Spit of Vasilievsky Island , it spans between Palace Bridge and Blagoveshchensky Bridge . The bank was lined with granite in 1805 - 1810 ( eastern part ) , 1831 - 1834 ( western part ) and the 1850s ( near Blagoveshchensky Bridge ) . It features an ensemble of Petrine Baroque buildings of the early 18th century , including the Kunstkamera , Twelve Collegia , Menshikov Palace , as well as the neoclassical building of the Academy of Arts . The embankment was formerly connected to the left bank through Isaakiyevsky Pontone Bridge , constructed in 1819 - 1841 in front of Senate Square . One of the campuses of Saint Petersburg State University ( hosted in the Twelve Collegia and several other buildings ) , Saint Petersburg branch of the Russian Academy of Sciences , Peter the Great Museum of Anthropology and Ethnography ( hosted in the Kunstkamera ) and Zoological Museum are all situated along the embankment . The embankment was named after the university in 1887 .

The Jingyihuo railway ( ) , short for Jinghe – Yining – Khorgas railway , is the first electrified railway in operation in Xinjiang , China . The line is 286   km in length and connects Jinghe , Yining and Khorgos . The Jingyihuo railway branches from the Northern Xinjiang railway at Jinghe in the Junggar Basin , and heads south through the Tian Shan range into the Ili River Valley . Cities and towns along route include Jinghe , Nilka County , Yining County , Yining , Huocheng County , and Khorgos , on the border with Kazakhstan . The line opened to trial operation in December 2009 . Passenger train service to the Yining railway station ( ) began in July 2010 . One of the three daily Ürümqi - Yining passenger trains ( all running overnight ) was extended to Khorgos in December 2013 . On its way from the Dzungarian Basin ( where the Northern Xinjiang railway runs ) to the Ili Valley ( where Yining is ) , the railway crosses the Borohoro Mountain Range ( one of the ranges of the Tian Shan ) in the 13-km long North Tianshan Tunnel ( ) . The Jinghe – Yining section is electrified .

Germinie Lacerteux ( 1865 ) is a grim , anti - Romantic novel by Edmond and Jules de Goncourt in which the authors aim to present , as they say , a " clinic of love . " It is the fourth of six novels they wrote . The story is that of a poor country girl who comes to Paris , where her temperament renders her peculiarly liable to temptation . She succumbs to nymphomania , which finally brings her to death on a hospital cot . The study is based on actual observation by the authors of their own maidservant , Rose Malingre , whose double life they had never suspected . It was dramatized by Edmond de Goncourt , and produced at the Odéon in 1889 .

Penny Arcade is a webcomic focused on video games and video game culture , written by Jerry Holkins and illustrated by Mike Krahulik . The comic debuted in 1998 on the website loonygames.com . Since then , Holkins and Krahulik have established their own site , which is typically updated with a new comic strip each Monday , Wednesday , and Friday . The comics are accompanied by regular updates on the site 's blog . Penny Arcade is among the most popular and longest running webcomics currently online , listed in 2010 as having 3.5 million readers . Holkins and Krahulik are among the first webcomic creators successful enough to make a living from their work . In addition to the comic , Holkins and Krahulik also created Child 's Play , a children 's charity ; PAX , a gaming convention ; Penny Arcade TV , a YouTube channel ; Pinny Arcade , a pin exchange ; and the episodic video game with Hothead Games and Zeboyd Games .

Hurricane Flora is among the deadliest Atlantic hurricanes in recorded history , with a death total of at least 7,193 . The seventh tropical storm and sixth hurricane of the 1963 Atlantic hurricane season , Flora developed from a disturbance in the Intertropical Convergence Zone on September 26 while located southwest of the Cape Verde islands . After remaining a weak depression for several days , it rapidly organized on September 29 to attain tropical storm status . Flora continued to quickly strengthen to reach Category 3 hurricane status before moving through the Windward Islands and passing over Tobago , and it reached maximum sustained winds of in the Caribbean . The storm struck southwestern Haiti near peak intensity , turned to the west , and drifted over Cuba for four days before turning to the northeast . Flora passed over the Bahamas and accelerated northeastward , becoming an extratropical cyclone on October 12 . Due to its slow movement across Cuba , Flora is the wettest known tropical cyclone for Cuba , Haiti , and the Dominican Republic . The significant casualties caused by Flora were the most for a tropical cyclone in the Atlantic Basin since the 1900 Galveston Hurricane .

Delphine Halgand - Mishra ( born 1985 ) is a French journalist and advocate for freedom of the press . Since November 2017 , she is the Executive Director of The Signals Network , an American 501(c)3 non - profit organization whose aim is to advance the public interest by encouraging and facilitating media investigations that foster the ideals of transparency and public accountability through in - depth reporting and whistleblowing . She regularly appears on American and foreign media and gives lectures and conferences at U.S. universities on issues of press freedom violations . She testified at the US Congress and the United Nations in New York . On January 7 , 2016 , just after the Charlie Hebdo shooting , she was interviewed by Fox News in Paris .

Christina Schmuck ( sometimes listed as Christa Schmuck , born 26 January 1944 ) is a West German luger who competed during the late 1960s and early 1970s . At the 1968 Winter Olympics in Grenoble , she originally finished fifth in the women 's singles event , but was awarded the silver medal upon the disqualifications of the East German team of Ortrun Enderlein ( who finished first ) , Anna - Maria Müller ( second ) , and Angela Knösel ( fourth ) when the East Germans were discovered to have their runners being illegally heated . Schmuck also won two medals in the women 's singles event at the FIL World Luge Championships with a silver in 1970 and a bronze in 1969 . Both championships took place in Königssee , West Germany . She also won two medals the women 's singles event at the FIL European Luge Championships with a gold in 1967 and a bronze in 1970 .

The Best of the Art of Noise is the name of a series of compilation albums with songs by the British synthpop band The Art of Noise . The first version was released on the China Records label in November 1988 . The Best of the Art of Noise was released with at least ten different track listing variations from 1988 to 1997 . The first version was on LP format and contained 7 " single mixes , while the corresponding compact disc release that year contained the extended or 12 " single remixes of all of the tracks . However , LP releases in territories such as Korea and Argentina featured a combination of both track listings . A Japanese CD version from 1991 was identical to the standard CD but contained two more mixes of " Kiss " as bonus tracks . In 1992 , China Records reissued The Best of and added " Yebo , " " Instruments of Darkness " and " Robinson Crusoe , " while omitting the three tracks that were licensed from ZTT Records and included on the 1988 release : " Beatbox , " " Moments in Love " and " Close ( To the Edit ) . " Once again , a number of different variations were issued . The United Kingdom and Holland issued a double disc limited edition version with both the standard disc of 7 " mixes and a second disc of extended and 12 " remixes . The compilation has also been issued with two different color variations on the cover . All editions prior to 1992 were issued with a blue cover , while most editions afterward had a pink cover . The German and Australian editions as well as the UK / Holland limited edition two disc set all retained the blue cover .

In Greek mythology , Pandora ( Greek : Πανδώρα , derived from πᾶν , pān , i.e. " all " and δῶρον , dōron , i.e. " gift " , thus " the all - endowed " , " all - gifted " or " all - giving " ) was the name of the following women : Pandora , first human woman created by the gods . Pandora , daughter of King Deucalion and Pyrrha and granddaughter of the above figure . Pandora , second eldest daughter of King Erechtheus of Athens and Praxithea . Together with her sister Protogeneia , they sacrificed herself on behalf of their country when an army came from Boeotia during the war between Athens and Eleusis . Pandora 's other sisters were Procris , Creusa , Oreithyia and Chthonia .

Joseph Arnaud Charles Gaillardot ( 20 September 1814 , in Lunéville – August 1883 , in Bhamdoun ) was a French physician and naturalist . In 1837 he was named professor of natural history at the medical school in Cairo , and later on in his career , spent more than twenty years as a physician at a military hospital in Sidon . In 1863 he became a health specialist in Alexandria , then in 1875 was appointed director of the Cairo medical school . In addition to his medical duties , he conducted botanical , zoological , geological and archaeological research in Egypt and the Middle East . The snail genus Gaillardotia (; family Neritidae ) honors his name , as do species with epithet of gaillardotii , an example being Echinops gaillardotii ( Gaillardot 's globe - thistle ) . His Herbier de Syrie became part of the " Herbarium Haussknecht " , now located at the University of Jena . In 1854 he became a member of Société botanique de France .

Amanda Sørensen ( born November 18 , 1985 in Skanderborg ) is a retired Danish amateur BMX cyclist . Having started her sporting career at the age of seven and been admitted to the Danish national cycling team since 2002 , Sorensen has mounted numerous Nordic regional titles and top - eight finishes in BMX racing at the European Championships , and admittedly , participated in more than 300 BMX circuits across Australia , the United States , Brazil , and Europe . Before retiring from the sport in September 2009 , Sorensen also represented her nation Denmark at the 2008 Summer Olympics , and has been training with personal and head coach Christian Munk Poulsen for Skanderborg BMX Klub throughout her cycling career . Sorensen qualified for the Danish squad in women 's BMX cycling at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing by receiving an invitational berth from the Union Cycliste Internationale ( UCI ) based on her best performance at the UCI World Championships in Victoria , British Columbia , Canada . After she grabbed a twelfth seed on the morning prelims with a time of 38.719 , Sorensen crashed her bike down the field once and scored a total of 20 placing points to mount an eighth spot in the semifinals , thus eliminating her from the tournament .

Tales of Mystery and Imagination is the debut studio album by English rock band The Alan Parsons Project . It was released on 1 May 1976 in the United States by 20th Century Fox Records and on 1 June 1976 in the United Kingdom by Charisma Records . The lyrical and musical themes of the album , which are retellings of horror stories and poetry by Edgar Allan Poe , attracted a cult audience . The title of the album is taken from the title of a collection of Poe 's macabre stories of the same name " . Musicians featured on the album include vocalists Arthur Brown of The Crazy World of Arthur Brown on " The Tell Tale Heart " , John Miles on " The Cask of Amontillado " and " ( The System of ) Dr. Tarr and Professor Fether " , and Terry Sylvester of The Hollies on " To One In Paradise " . The complete line - up of bands Ambrosia and Pilot play on the record , along with keyboardist Francis Monkman of Curved Air and Sky . Tales of Mystery and Imagination peaked at # 38 on Billboard 's Pop Albums chart , and the song " ( The System Of ) Doctor Tarr And Professor Fether " peaked at No . 37 on the Pop Singles chart .

John Moran Bailey ( November 23 , 1904 – April 10 , 1975 ) was an American politician who played a major role in promoting the New Deal coalition of the Democratic Party and its liberal policy positions . Bailey dominated Connecticut Democratic politics as a party chairman , from 1946 to his death in 1975 . He typically had a decisive voice in selecting the party 's candidates for top offices and in coordinating Democrats in the state legislature . He was even more powerful as the chairman of the Democratic National Committee from 1961 until 1968 , and was one of the main behind - the - scenes backers of John F. Kennedy . An Irish Catholic , Bailey was educated at The Catholic University of America and Harvard Law School .

The Verein Seglerhaus am Wannsee ( VSaW ) ( meaning : " Sailing house by the Wann Lake Union " ) is the second oldest yacht club in Germany after Segelclub RHE . It is located on the shores of the Greater Wannsee lake , southwest of Berlin . The club has mooring space for 250 yachts . It organizes yearly regatta series with both domestic and international participation . Together with the Yacht Club of Kiel , the Norddeutscher Regattaverein and the Hamburger Sailing Club , the Verein Seglerhaus am Wannsee organizes the Kiel Week . Taking place in the Bay of Kiel , this annual event is one of the largest and most prestigious sailing regattas in the world . Members of the Verein Seglerhaus am Wannsee have won Olympic , World and European competitions . The Olympic section of the club consists of six teams .

Tlacochcalcatl ( " The man from the house of darts " ) was an Aztec military title or rank ; roughly equivalent to the modern title of General . In Aztec warfare the tlacochcalcatl was second in command only to the tlatoani and he usually lead the Aztec army into battle when the ruler was otherwise occupied . Together with the tlacateccatl ( general ) , he was in charge of the Aztec army and undertook all military decisions and planning once the tlatoani had decided to undertake a campaign . The tlacochcalcatl was also in charge of the tlacochcalco . Tlacochcalco ( " in the house of darts " ) was the name of four armories placed at the four entries to the ceremonial precinct of the Aztec capital Tenochtitlan . These mains armories were stocked with new weapons every year ( during the festival of Quecholli ) , and one account by the Spanish conquistador Andrés de Tapia estimates the number of weapons found in each of the four armories to be 500 cartloads " ) The tlacochcalcatl was always a member of the military order of the cuachicqueh " the shorn ones " . The office of tlacochcalcatl was often the last step towards becoming the next tlatoani . The first tlacochcalcatl was instated under the rule of Huitzilihuitl who appointed his brother Itzcoatl who probably also served during the rule of Chimalpopoca . When Itzcoatl became tlatoani he appointed Tlacaelel as tlacochcalcatl and Moctezuma Ilhuicamina as tlacateccatl ; when Tlacaelel was appointed cihuacoatl , Moctezuma Ilhuicamina was promoted to tlacochcalcatl . It is not known who was tlacochcalcatl under the rule of Moctezuma I ; possibly Tlacaelel held a dual office in this period . Under the rule of Moctezuma Ilhuicamina 's son and successor Axayacatl , the tlacochcalcatl was Tizoc , who in turn became ruler at Axayacatl 's death . Tizoc who was seen as a weak ruler ; he was disposed of and his tlacochcalcatl Ahuitzotl became ruler . Ahuitzotl 's tlacochcalcatl was the next ruler : Moctezuma II ( Xocoyotzin ) . The tlacochcalcatl of Moctezuma II at the arrival of the Spaniards was Quappiatl .

Middletown is a city located in Butler and Warren counties in the southwestern part of the U.S. state of Ohio , about 29 miles northeast of Cincinnati . Formerly in Lemon , Turtlecreek , and Franklin townships , Middletown was incorporated by the Ohio General Assembly on February 11 , 1833 , and became a city in 1886 . The population of Middletown as of the 2010 census was 48,694 . It is part of the Cincinnati - Middletown Metropolitan Statistical Area as defined by the U.S. Census Bureau . The city was the home of AK Steel Holding Corporation ( formerly Armco ) , a major steel works founded in 1900 until offices were moved to West Chester Township , Ohio in 2007 , but AK Steel 's factory still resides in Middletown . Middletown contains a small municipal airport known as Hook Field , ( airport code MWO ) , but is no longer served by commercial airlines , only general aviation . A regional campus of Miami University is located in Middletown . In 1957 , Middletown was designated as an All - America City .

" Test for Echo " is the title track and first single from Canadian rock band Rush 's 16th studio album released in 1996 . The song 's lyrics were written by Neil Peart and Pye Dubois with music written by Geddy Lee and Alex Lifeson . The song reached # 1 on the Billboard Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart . The song also peaked at # 6 on the Canadian Singles Chart , which is the band 's highest position on that chart since New World Man peaked at # 1 in 1982 . It was the band 's fourth consecutive album to yield a chart - topper on this chart , along with " Stick It Out " from Counterparts , " Show Do n't Tell " from Presto and " Dreamline " from Roll the Bones .

Wrangler : Anatomy of an Icon is a 2008 feature documentary film about the life of Jack Wrangler , produced and directed by Jeffrey Schwarz of Automat Pictures . It had its premiere at the 2008 New York Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual , & Transgender Film Festival ( Newfest ) and is distributed by TLA Releasing . The documentary chronicles the life of Jack Wrangler , the professional name of John Robert Stillman in his role as a gay porn star who rapidly became one of the first performers in gay porn to achieve star status and a cult following . The documentary also features his transitioning to roles such as straight porn star , his romantic relationship with and later marriage to singer Margaret Whiting , his activism in supporting and promoting AIDS charities and his later career as a theatrical producer and director . The documentary won a GayVNAward in 2009 for Best Alternative Release . Wrangler died on April 7 , 2009 at the age of 62 due to emphysema .

Jacques Lanxade ( born 8 September 1934 ) is a French admiral and former navy chief , and co - author of a recent proposed reform of NATO . He was a private chief of staff of François Mitterrand , President of the French Republic , from 1989 to 1991 , and became chief of defense of the French Armed Forces from 1991 to 1995 . It was also during this period that the Rwandan Genocide took place in 1994 . Lanxade is also a former ambassador to Tunisia . As of 2008 , he is the chairman of the Académie de Marine , and President of the Mediterranean Foundation for Strategic Research . He is also a member of the international committee of patronage of the French journal Politique américaine , dedicated to the study of internal and international stratagems of the United States .

Bretton Woods is an area within the town of Carroll , New Hampshire , United States , whose principal points of interest are three leisure and recreation facilities . Being virtually surrounded by the White Mountain National Forest , the vista from Bretton Woods toward Mount Washington and the Presidential Range includes no significant artificial structures other than the Mount Washington Cog Railway and the Mount Washington Hotel . Bretton Woods was the site of the United Nations Monetary and Financial Conference in 1944 which has given its name to the Bretton Woods system and led to the establishment of both the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund in 1945 . The Bretton Woods system ended in 1971 . Bretton Woods is located along U.S. Route 302 , east of the village of Twin Mountain and through scenic Crawford Notch northwest of the town of Bartlett . In 1772 King George III granted Sir Thomas Wentworth of Bretton Hall , a country house in West Bretton , West Yorkshire , and 82 others , a parcel of of land to be laid out as a plantation in the White Mountains . The plantation became the town of Carroll , and the southeast corner of the land retained the name " Bretton Woods " , after the estate .

Saturday Nights & Sunday Mornings is the fifth studio album by Counting Crows , released in the United States on March 25 , 2008 . It is thematically divided into two sides : the rock music of Saturday Nights and the more country - influenced Sunday Mornings . Vocalist and lyricist Adam Duritz states that the album " is about really wanting to mean something and failing to do it . You want your life to mean something . You want to be somebody and then what you turn out to be is so much less than what you thought you were going to be . " The Saturday Nights portion was produced by Gil Norton ( who also produced the band 's second album , Recovering the Satellites ) , while Sunday Mornings was produced by Brian Deck , perhaps best known for his production work on Modest Mouse 's album The Moon and Antarctica . The album debuted at number 3 on the Billboard 200 , the band 's highest peak since Recovering the Satellites and it sold 106,000 copies in first week . The cover depicts the Empire State Building in New York City .

George Louis Costanza is a character in the American television sitcom Seinfeld ( 1989 – 1998 ) , played by Jason Alexander . He has variously been described as a " short , stocky , slow - witted , bald man " ( by Elaine Benes and Costanza himself ) and " Lord of the Idiots " ( by Costanza himself ) . George and Jerry were junior high school friends and remained friends afterwards . He is friends with Jerry Seinfeld , Cosmo Kramer , and Elaine Benes . George appears in every episode except " The Pen " ( third season ) . The character was originally based on Seinfeld co - creator Larry David but is surnamed after Jerry Seinfeld 's real - life New York friend , Mike Costanza . Alexander reprised his role in an episode of Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee , reuniting with Jerry Seinfeld and Wayne Knight ( also reprising their roles as Jerry and Newman , respectively ) .

James Wilson ( August 16 , 1766 – January 4 , 1839 ) was a U.S. Representative from New Hampshire , father of James Wilson ( 1797 - 1881 ) . Born in Peterborough , New Hampshire , Wilson attended Phillips Academy , Andover , Massachusetts , and graduated from Harvard University in 1789 . He studied law and was admitted to the bar in 1792 , commencing practice in Peterborough . He served as member of the State house of representatives 1803 - 1808 and 1812 - 1814 . Wilson was elected as a Federalist to the Eleventh Congress ( March 4 , 1809 – March 3 , 1811 ) . He was not a candidate for renomination in 1810 and resumed the practice of law , moving to Keene , New Hampshire , in 1815 . He died in Keene , January 4 , 1839 , and was interred in Woodland Cemetery .

Penny Sue Pritzker ( born May 2 , 1959 ) is an American billionaire businesswoman , entrepreneur , and civic leader . President Barack Obama nominated Pritzker as United States Secretary of Commerce . After being confirmed by a Senate vote of 97–1 , she became the 38th person to hold that position . Pritzker spent her early career in business . She worked her way up through the Pritzker family business , eventually being appointed as one of three successors to her uncle , Jay Pritzker . She is the founder of PSP Capital Partners and Pritzker Realty Group . She is also co - founder of Artemis Real Estate Partners . As of October 2015 , Forbes estimated her net worth at $ 2.4 billion . In 2009 , Forbes named Pritzker one of the 100 most powerful women in the world . Before entering government service , Pritzker had been involved in many Chicago organizations , including the Chicago Board of Education , Museum of Contemporary Art , Chicago , and her own foundation , the Pritzker Traubert Family Foundation . Pritzker was an early supporter of Obama 's presidential candidacy , having been a friend of the Obama family since their time in Chicago .

Neil Marshall ( born 25 May 1970 ) is an English film director , editor and screenwriter . Marshall began his career in editing and in 2002 directed his first feature film Dog Soldiers , a horror - comedy film which became a cult film . He followed up with the critically acclaimed horror film The Descent in 2005 . Marshall also directed Doomsday in 2008 , and wrote and directed Centurion in 2010 . He has also directed two prominent episodes of US television series Game of Thrones : " Blackwater " and " The Watchers on the Wall " , with particular acclaim for his direction on both occasions , as well as a nomination for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Directing for a Drama Series for " The Watchers on the Wall " .

Mayon ( , , ) , also known as Mayon Volcano or Mount Mayon , is an active stratovolcano in the province of Albay in Bicol Region , on the large island of Luzon in the Philippines . Renowned as the " perfect cone " because of its symmetric conical shape , the volcano with its surrounding landscape was declared a national park on July 20 , 1938 , the first in the nation . It was reclassified a Natural Park and renamed as the Mayon Volcano Natural Park in 2000 . Local folklore refers to the volcano being named after the legendary princess - heroine Daragang Magayon ( ) . Numerous festivals and rituals are associated with the volcano and its landscape . The volcano is the centerpiece of the Albay Biosphere Reserve , declared by UNESCO in 2016 .

Pauline Bonaparte ( 20 October 1780 – 9 June 1825 ) was an Italian noblewoman , the first sovereign Duchess of Guastalla in Italy , an imperial French Princess and the Princess consort of Sulmona and Rossano . She was the sixth child of Letizia Ramolino and Carlo Buonaparte , Corsica 's representative to the court of King Louis XVI of France . Her elder brother , Napoleon , was the first Emperor of the French . She married Charles Leclerc , a French general , a union ended by his death in 1802 . Later , she married Camillo Borghese , 6th Prince of Sulmona . Her only child , Dermide Leclerc , born from her first marriage , died in childhood . She was the only Bonaparte sibling to visit Napoleon in exile on his principality , Elba .

Ernest Edward Wood ( August 24 , 1875 – January 10 , 1952 ) was a U.S. Representative from Missouri . Born in Chico , California , Wood attended the public schools and was graduated from the Stockton ( California ) High School in 1892 . He was appointed as a cadet to the United States Military Academy at West Point in 1893 and remained two years . After studying law , Wood was admitted to the bar in 1898 and commenced practice in St. Louis , Missouri . Wood presented his credentials as a Democratic Member - elect to the Fifty - ninth Congress and served from March 4 , 1905 to June 23 , 1906 , when he was succeeded by Harry M. Coudrey , who contested his election . Wood moved to Los Angeles , California in 1907 and resumed the practice of law . He died in Los Angeles on January 10 , 1952 and was interred in Hollywood Cemetery , Hollywood , California .

Winter 's Heart a fantasy novel by American author Robert Jordan , the ninth book of his series Wheel of Time . It was published by Tor Books and released on November 7 , 2000 . Upon its release , it immediately rose to the # 1 position on the New York Times hardcover fiction bestseller list , making it the second Wheel of Time book to reach the # 1 position on that list . It remained on the list for the next two months . Winter 's Heart consists of a prologue and 35 chapters . The book 's title is a reference to the increasing coldness of Rand al'Thor 's personality and to the return of winter following the reversal in the previous book , The Path of Daggers , of the unnatural heat caused by the Dark One 's manipulation of climate . Winter 's Heart was the first Wheel of Time book for which the prologue , entitled " Snow " , was first sold as an ebook in advance of the physical release of the book . " Snow " was released by the Scribner imprint of Simon & Schuster in September 2000 , two months before the publication of Winter 's Heart .

Gopeng is a town located in Mukim Teja , Kampar District , Perak , Malaysia . It is situated approximately 20   km south of Ipoh , the state capital . The town is located on the west side of the North - South Expressway stretch of Tapah - Simpang Pulai . The limestone hills and the Titiwangsa Mountains are clearly visible ; the expressway penetrates between them and the view of the Tapah - Gopeng stretch is one of the most picturesque areas on the west side of Peninsular Malaysia . Once this town was bustling with tin miners and locals who busied themselves with the great tin mining industry of Malaysia until the collapse of the tin empire in 1980s . The name for Gopeng was named by a Chinese called Mo Peng ( 毛兵 ) , but the British changed its name to Go Peng as the name is hard to pronounce . According to locals , there were once French , British and local tin mining companies developing tin mine industry there . Among them was called the Osbourne & Chappel which opened its franchise here in one of Gopeng 's rich tin mine . Both locals and immigrants worked there . People started to flee the town and seek better opportunities in neighboring towns and cities soon after the collapse of the 1980s . However , the love towards the town has never been faded and now Gopeng already flourished with heritage , cuisine and eco - tourism attractions developed by the locals themselves . Gopeng is also well known for limestone caves such as Gua Tempurung , located approximately 5   km from the town centre .

The Vega program ( Cyrillic : ВеГа ) was a series of Venus missions that also took advantage of the appearance of comet 1P / Halley in 1986 . Vega 1 and Vega 2 were unmanned spacecraft launched in a cooperative effort among the Soviet Union ( who provided the spacecraft and launch vehicle ) and Austria , Bulgaria , France , Hungary , the German Democratic Republic , Poland , Czechoslovakia and the Federal Republic of Germany in December 1984 . They had a two - part mission to investigate Venus and also flyby Halley 's Comet . The flyby of Halley 's Comet had been a late mission change in the Venera program following on from the cancellation of the American Halley mission in 1981 . A later Venera mission was cancelled and the Venus part of the Vega 1 mission was reduced . Because of this , the craft was designated VeGa , a contraction of Venera and Gallei ( Венера and Галлея respectively , the Russian words for " Venus " and " Halley " ) . The spacecraft design was based on the previous Venera 9 and Venera 10 missions . The two spacecraft were launched on December 15 and 21 , 1984 , respectively . With their redesignated dual missions , the Vega probes became part of the Halley Armada , a group of space probes that studied Halley 's Comet during its 1985/1986 perihelion .

Norman Boyd ( born 16 October 1961 ) is a former Unionist politician in Northern Ireland . Boyd was born in Belfast and attended Belfast High School and Newtownabbey Technical College before working in banking . At the 1998 Northern Ireland Assembly election , Boyd was elected for the UK Unionist Party ( UKUP ) to represent South Antrim . In January 1999 , he joined three of the four other UKUP Assembly members in forming the Northern Ireland Unionist Party . He acted as whip for the new group , and was selected to stand for Westminster under his new party label at the South Antrim by - election , 2000 , but withdrew during the campaign , calling on his supporters to back the Democratic Unionist Party candidate William McCrea . He did stand for the South Antrim seat at the 2001 general election , but came bottom of the poll , with only 972 votes . He also failed to be elected to Newtownabbey Borough Council . At the 2003 Assembly election , Boyd was able to take only 774 votes , and lost his seat , along with all his party colleagues .

Tokyo Mirage Sessions ♯FE is a crossover role - playing video game developed by Atlus and published by Nintendo for the Wii U home console . The game combines gameplay , narrative and aesthetic elements from Atlus ' Shin Megami Tensei and Nintendo 's Fire Emblem series . It was released in Japan in December 2015 , and worldwide in June 2016 . Taking place in modern - day Tokyo and featuring real - life locations such as Shibuya and Harajuku , the game centers around evil beings known as Mirages who seek to harvest an energy known as Performa from humans and are responsible for several disappearances . The story follows a group of teenagers who become allied with friendly Mirages , based on characters from the Fire Emblem series , and merge with them to become Mirage Masters . Under the guise of the Fortuna Entertainment talent agency , the Mirage Masters fight to protect innocent people from the Mirages and find out who is behind the attacks . The game was first proposed by Nintendo producer Kaori Ando , who envisioned a crossover between the Fire Emblem and Shin Megami Tensei series . Although initially reluctant due to their workload , Atlus agreed to the collaboration , and much of the early work went into deciding what genre of game it was going to be and how best to incorporate both series while creating an original game . The production period lasted five years . A notable feature was musical numbers produced by Japanese entertainment company Avex Group . The game was announced two months after full development began . Due to its Japanese setting and aesthetic , its Western release retains the Japanese voice track with subtitles rather than an English dub . Reception of the game was generally positive ; many praised the battle system , reactions to the story were mixed to positive , and other elements such as dungeon designs and a lack of Fire Emblem - related elements were criticized along with technical problems . The game was later chosen by critics as one of the best games for the console .

Tyrone Keys ( born October 24 , 1960 ) is a former professional American football player who played defensive lineman for six seasons for the Chicago Bears , Tampa Bay Buccaneers , and San Diego Chargers . He was a member of the Bears team that won Super Bowl XX following the 1985 NFL season . He was also a member of the " Shuffling Crew " in the video The Super Bowl Shuffle . In high school Keys was a member of the Callaway High School Chargers of Jackson , Mississippi which won all 12 of their 1975 season games and won the Big 8 Conference championship ( the Big 8 was at the time the conference of Mississippi 's largest high schools ) . In college at Mississippi State University Keys played four years at defensive tackle . In 1980 Keys made a last minute tackle of Alabama quarterback Don Jacobs , causing a fumble which sealed the Bulldogs ' 6 - 3 upset of the # 1 Crimson Tide .

Algester is an outer suburb of City of Brisbane , Queensland , Australia . It is south - west of the central business district . The suburb 's population was 8,433 at the 2016 census . The suburbs of Algester , Calamvale and now Parkinson , sit on the southern border or boundary of the City of Brisbane local government area with suburbs of Logan City such as Browns Plains and Regents Park . The suburb 's name is a corruption of the name of the English town of " Alcester " . Briefly in the mid - to - late-1970s the suburb was colloquially named Ridgewood Heights after the Ridgewood Heights property development that then made up most of its land area , but had officially been known as Algester from 1972 .

Qarpa ( before 2007 called Faktychno Sami , /fɑk'tɪt͡ʃnɔ sɑ'mi/ ) is an Ukrainian industrial band originally from Ivano - Frankivsk . The band 's frontwoman is Irena Karpa — Ukrainian singer and writer . The band released eight studio albums . The band took part in many festivals and was a laureate of " Alternative " , " Chervona Ruta " and " Majbutnje Ukrajiny " festivals . In 2004 the members of " Faktychno Sami " shot the film " Kyiv . Limited Edition " , which was later presented in Molodist film festival . Also the band is famous of their antiglamour parties like « Second - hand of the Stars » or « Lucifer wants go home » . The band 's old name , Faktychno Sami , in Ukrainian means " actually alone " .

Me Musical Nephews is a 1942 one - reel animated cartoon directed by Seymour Kneitel and animated by Tom Johnson and George Germanetti . The cartoon features Popeye and his nephews Pipeye , Poopeye , Pupeye , and Peepeye . It is the 113th episode of the Popeye series , which was released on December 25 , 1942 . All of the cartoon characters ' voices were performed by Jack Mercer , who also co - wrote the cartoon with writer Jack Ward . Me Musical Nephews was remade in color as Riot in Rhythm in 1950 . There were a few differences made for these cartoons ; for example , an uncredited Sammy Timberg composed the music for Me Musical Nephews , while the music for Riot in Rhythm was by Winston Sharples . Also in Riot in Rhythm , there is no mention of Swee'Pea . The animated cartoon is in the public domain in the United States .

Polonium is a chemical element with symbol Po and atomic number 84 . A rare and highly radioactive metal with no stable isotopes , polonium is chemically similar to selenium and tellurium , though its metallic character resembles that of its horizontal neighbors in the periodic table : thallium , lead , and bismuth . Due to the short half - life of all its isotopes , its natural occurrence is limited to tiny traces of the fleeting polonium-210 ( with a half - life of 138   days ) in uranium ores , as it is the penultimate daughter of natural uranium-238 . Though slightly longer - lived isotopes exist , they are much more difficult to produce . Today , polonium is usually produced in milligram quantities by the neutron irradiation of bismuth . Due to its intense radioactivity , which results in the radiolysis of chemical bonds and radioactive self - heating , its chemistry has mostly been investigated on the trace scale only . Polonium was discovered in 1898 by Marie and Pierre Curie , when it was extracted from uranium ore and identified solely by its strong radioactivity : it was the first element to be so discovered . Polonium was named after Marie Curie 's homeland of Poland . Polonium has few applications , and those are related to its radioactivity : heaters in space probes , antistatic devices , and sources of neutrons and alpha particles . This radioactivity makes polonium dangerously toxic .

The New Zealand Rally Championship ( NZRC ) is New Zealand 's leading off - road motor rally competition . A multi - event national championship has been held each year since 1975 . Today the championship is held for a variety of classes based on engine capacity and further split by four or two wheel drive . The top class for a number of years has been the international Group N technical regulations and has been dominated by drivers of turbo - charged four wheel drive Mitsubishi Lancers and Subaru Imprezas . The New Zealand Rally Championship has been a launching pad for the career of many New Zealand drivers . Rod Millen and Possum Bourne being the most notable . Recently Hayden Paddon has used the series as a springboard to international competition , competing in the Asia - Pacific Rally Championship before moving on to the Production and Super 2000 World Rally Championships . The championship was formed around the then newly created Rally New Zealand when it joined the World Rally Championship in 1977 . Since then Rally New Zealand has frequently been the starring event of the NZRC and the event is current based in Auckland . The International Rally of Whangarei is also a round of the NZRC as well as being a round of the Asia - Pacific Rally Championship . The current six round championship also takes in events based in Otago and Canterbury regions with two events based at Wairarapa .

.cw is the Internet country code top - level domain ( ccTLD ) for Curaçao . It was created following the decision on December 15 , 2010 by the ISO 3166 Maintenance Agency to allocate CW as the ISO 3166 - 1 alpha-2 code for Curaçao . This decision followed Curaçao 's new status as an autonomous country within the Kingdom of the Netherlands on October 10 , 2010 . The University of Curaçao , which already was the sponsor for .an was designated as the sponsoring organization . Registration of .cw domains is available from 1 February 2012 . Currently , many websites in Curaçao still use the former Netherlands Antilles 's ccTLD , .an . Domains from .an will be able to switch to .sx ( Sint Maarten ) or .cw , depending on where they are based .

William Busac ( 1020 - 1076 ) , son of William I , Count of Eu , and his wife Lesceline . Count of Eu , Count of Soissons , de jure uxoris . William was given the nickname Busac by the medieval chronicler Robert of Torigni . William appealed to King Henry I of France , who gave him in marriage Adelaide , the heiress of the county of Soissons . Adelaide was daughter of Renaud I , Count of Soissons , and Grand Master of the Hotel de France . William then became Count of Soissons in right of his wife . William and Adelaide had four children : Renaud II , Count of Soissons John I , Count of Soissons , married to Aveline de Pierrefonds Manasses of Soissons , Bishop of Cambrai , Bishop of Soissons ( d. 1 Mar 1108 ) Lithuise de Blois , married to Milo I of Montlhéry Unnamed daughter , married to Yves I of Nesle , founder of the House of Nesle . His son Renaud became Count of Soissons upon William ’s death , and he was succeeded by his brother John .

" You Would n't Know Love " is a song written by Michael Bolton and Diane Warren appearing contemporaneously in 1989 on Bolton 's Soul Provider album and Cher 's Heart of Stone album . The song was only released as a single in Europe and Australasia by Cher in 1990 . Cher 's version of the song , produced by its writer , Michael Bolton , became the fourth and final European single release from Cher 's nineteenth album in 1990 by Geffen Records . It was a minor hit in the UK , faring better in Ireland . Cher 's album was certified 3× Platinum by the RIAA in 1998 for sales of over 3 million in the U.S. alone , with worldwide sales exceeding 11 million . Steve Lukather played the guitar solo in the middle of the song .

Mustansiriyah University ( Arabic : الجامعة المستنصرية ) is a university in Baghdad , Iraq . The original Mustansiriya Madrasah , was established in 1227 ( or 1232/34 A.D. by some accounts ) by the Abbasid Caliph Al - Mustansir and was one of the oldest universities in the world . Its building , on the left bank of the Tigris River , survived the Mongol invasion of 1258 and has been restored . The modern Mustansiriyah University was established with the help and financial support of the Republic of Ίrāq Teacher ’s Union in 1963 , mainly providing evening courses . In 1964 , the University was given the status of a semi - state institution and some state financial support . At the same time it absorbed Al - Sha’ab University , another private university that had been founded by the Ίrāqi Association of Economists , and then moved to a new campus to the north of the city centre . Initially , the University also managed colleges in Mosul and Basra . In 1966 a law was passed under which the private universities were converted into public universities . Mustansiriyah thus became , briefly , a College within the University of Baghdad . In 1967 a major reorganisation of higher education was initiated , with the intention that by 1969 all previous institutions would be abolished and reconstituted . Mustansiriyah was designated as a separate University in 1968 , and its branch campuses were detached to form part of the University of Mosul and the University of Basra .

Live in Berlin is the title or subtitle of several albums and videos recorded in Berlin , Germany by various artists . In Berlin , also released as Live in Berlin , a 1981 live album by Blurt The Wall Live in Berlin , a 1990 concert staging of Pink Floyd 's The Wall by Roger Waters Live aus Berlin , a 1998 concert album by Rammstein Live in Berlin ( Rozz Williams album ) , a 2000 album by Rozz Williams Acoustic Trio Live in Berlin , a 2002 album by Willy DeVille . Live in Berlin ( Sting album ) , a 2010 live album by Sting Live in East Berlin , a video by German thrash metal band Kreator . La Ultima / Live in Berlin , a live album and concert movie of the German rock band Böhse Onkelz . Live in Berlin ( Jennifer Rostock album ) , a 2012 live album by Jennifer Rostock . Depeche Mode Live in Berlin , a 2014 live album and concert movie of the English electronic band Depeche Mode .

Dwight Tillery is an American politician of the Democratic Party who is active in local politics of Cincinnati , Ohio . Tillery grew up in the city 's West End and attended the University of Cincinnati in the 1960s , where he helped found the university 's United Black Association and graduated with a degree in political science . He also holds a law degree from the University of Michigan Law School . Tillery served as mayor of Cincinnati from 1991 to 1993 . He briefly ran for the Democratic nomination for Congress in 1992 before dropping out of the race in order to focus on his mayoral duties . He was a member of the Cincinnati City Council for many years , until 1998 , when term limits forced his retirement . He remains active in the Democratic Party , most notably working on public health issues and supporting the election campaigns of African American candidates . In 2004 Tillery founded the nonprofit organization The Center for Closing the Health Gap in Greater Cincinnati to actively engage local hospitals , social advocates , and health care leaders to combat higher rates of obesity , diabetes , heart disease , HIV and cancer occurring in vulnerable populations .

The Cyrenaics or Kyrenaics (; Kyrēnaïkoí ) were a sensual hedonist Greek school of philosophy founded in the 4th century BCE , supposedly by Aristippus of Cyrene , although many of the principles of the school are believed to have been formalized by his grandson of the same name , Aristippus the Younger . The school was so called after Cyrene , the birthplace of Aristippus . It was one of the earliest Socratic schools . The Cyrenaics taught that the only intrinsic good is pleasure , which meant not just the absence of pain ( as it did for Epicurus ) , but positively enjoyable sensations . Of these , momentary pleasures , especially physical ones , are stronger than those of anticipation or memory . They did , however , recognize the value of social obligation and that pleasure could be gained from altruistic behaviour . The school died out within a century and was replaced by the philosophy of Epicureanism .

Bolita ( Spanish for Little Ball ) , is a type of lottery which was popular in the latter 19th and early 20th centuries in Cuba and among Florida 's working class Hispanic , Italian , and black population . In the basic bolita game , 100 small numbered balls are placed into a bag and mixed thoroughly , and bets are taken on which number will be drawn . Many variations on this theme were created . Bets were typically very small and sometimes sold well in advance , and the game could be rigged , by having extra balls of a given number or not including others at all . Other means of cheating included having certain balls filled with lead so they would sink to the bottom of the bag , or putting certain balls in ice beforehand so they would be cold and therefore easy for the selector to find by touch . Over time , Hispanics developed a name for each number in a system called La Charada or Las Charadas , creating a superstitious method for interpreting game outcomes or placing bets , many times in accordance with one 's dreams the previous night . Today Bolita is played in Puerto Rico and , in the United States , among Cuban and Puerto Rican groups .

DADVSI ( generally pronounced as dadsi ) is the abbreviation of the French Loi sur le Droit d'Auteur et les Droits Voisins dans la Société de l'Information ( in English : " law on authors ' rights and related rights in the information society " ) . It is a bill reforming French copyright law , mostly in order to implement the 2001 European directive on copyright ( known as EUCD ) , which in turn implements a 1996 WIPO treaty . The law , despite being initially dismissed as highly technical and of no concern to the average person , generated considerable controversy when it was examined by the French Parliament between December 2005 and June 30 , 2006 , when it was finally voted through by both houses . Most of the bill focussed on the exchange of copyrighted works over peer - to - peer networks and the criminalizing of the circumvention of digital rights management ( DRM ) protection measures . Other sections dealt with other matters related to copyright , including rights on resale of works of art , copyright for works produced by government employees and exceptions to copyright for education and the handicapped , among other issues . The law was highly controversial within France because of fears that it could significantly hamper free software and might also significantly restrict the right to make copies of copyrighted works for private use . Some amendments to the bill , not present in the original version , would potentially require manufacturers to share their proprietary digital music formats with other software developers ( by way of the need to provide the documentation necessary for interoperability ) . Because of this , a controversy arose with Apple Computer and associated US industry groups , who loudly protested in the US press ; therefore , the DADVSI bill was sometimes referred to as the iTunes law or iPod law in the English - language press ( see Interoperability and Apple controversy ) , although the law is not referred to in this way in France .

Radama II ( September 23 , 1829   – May 12 , 1863 [ contested ] } ) was the son and heir of Queen Ranavalona I and ruled from 1861 to 1863 over the Kingdom of Madagascar , which controlled virtually the entire island . Radama 's rule , although brief , was a pivotal period in the history of the Kingdom of Madagascar . Under the unyielding and often harsh 33-year rule of his mother , Queen Ranavalona I , Madagascar had successfully preserved its cultural and political independence from French and British designs . Rejecting the queen 's policy of isolationism and Christian persecution , Radama II permitted religious freedom and re - opened Madagascar to European influence . Under the terms of the Lambert Charter , which Radama secretly contracted in 1855 with French entrepreneur Joseph - François Lambert while Ranavalona still ruled , the French were awarded exclusive rights to the exploitation of large tracts of valuable land and other lucrative resources and projects . This agreement , which was later revoked by Prime Minister Rainilaiarivony , was key to establishing France 's claim over Madagascar as a protectorate and , in 1896 , as a colony . The dramatic contrast between Ranavalona 's isolationism and her son 's pro - European stance represented an abrupt reversal of policy that threatened the traditional sociopolitical order . Radama 's absolutism in pursuing dramatic reforms in disregard of the advice of his ministers ultimately turned them against him . In a coup led by his Prime Minister , Rainivoninahitriniony , Radama II was strangled on May 12 , 1863 . His wife Rabodo , who took the throne name Rasoherina , was allowed by the ministers to succeed her husband on the condition that she and future sovereigns would no longer rule unilaterally , but rather in concert with the Hova ( the class of free citizens ) as represented by the position of Prime Minister . The public was informed that Radama had committed suicide and that his body had been unceremoniously interred in a tomb in Ilafy . However , there soon emerged rumors – believed by prominent foreigners Jean Laborde and William Ellis – that Radama lived and was making plans to reclaim the throne . A strong case has since been made on the basis of significant evidence that Radama may indeed have revived after the strangling and lived to old age in anonymity near Lake Kinkony in the northwestern part of the island .

The historic county of Middlesex in south east England was represented in Parliament from the 13th century . This article provides a list of constituencies constituting the Parliamentary representation from Middlesex . From early times the City of London and the rest of Middlesex had different sheriffs and other administrative arrangements . However apart from this the historic county was not divided , for administrative purposes , until 1889 . In that year the urbanised east of the county became part of the new administrative county of London ; administered by the London County Council . The less built up north and west of the county formed the administrative county of Middlesex ; administered by Middlesex County Council . In 1965 the Greater London Council was formed . Greater London absorbed the administrative county of London and surrounding territory , including almost all of the administrative county of Middlesex . The south west part of the historic county ( then the Staines Urban District and the Sunbury on Thames Urban District but from 1974 the borough of Spelthorne ) was transferred to the administrative county of Surrey . A smaller part of the historic county , in the Potters Bar area , was transferred to the administrative county of Hertfordshire . In 1995 the village of Poyle , which had been a small area in the north of Spelthorne , was transferred to Berkshire . The first part of this article covers the constituencies wholly or predominantly within the area of the historic county of Middlesex , both before and after the administrative changes of 1889 and 1965 . The second part refers to constituencies mostly in another historic county , which included some territory from the historic county of Middlesex . The summaries section only refers to the constituencies included in the first section of the constituency list .

" Lego House " is a song by English singer - songwriter Ed Sheeran . It was released on 11 November 2011 as the third single lifted from his debut studio album + ( pronounced " plus " ) of 2011 . It was released as the second single in the US on 11 February 2013 . It was written by Sheeran , Jake Gosling and Chris Leonard , and produced by Jake Gosling . The song received its first radio play on Zane Lowe 's BBC Radio 1 show on 8 September 2011 and was Sheeran 's first song to make the BBC Radio 2 playlist . The remix featuring P Money premiered on MistaJam 's BBC Radio 1Xtra show on 30 September 2011 . The music video features Harry Potter actor Rupert Grint , as a play on their similar appearance . The song did well worldwide , reaching top 5 on Australia , Ireland , New Zealand , and the UK Singles Chart , and top 50 on other countries including United States .

" Mexico " is a single released in May 1970 by San Francisco rock band Jefferson Airplane , produced by the band at Pacific High Recording Studios with Phill Sawyer as the recording engineer . Written and sung by Grace Slick , it is a tuneful rant against then - President Richard Nixon and his anti - drug initiative , Operation Intercept , that he had implemented to curtail the flow of marijuana into the United States from Mexico . The song closes with an exhortation for the young to realize the power of their numbers , as shown by the gathering of " half a million people on the lawn " at Woodstock . The song received little radio airplay , being banned in some states , but did reach # 102 on the Billboard charts . The version on the 2400 Fulton Street LP and CD is a completely different mix from that on the single . Five months after the release of " Mexico " , President Nixon requested that songs relating to drug abuse not be broadcast . Live versions of " Mexico " and its B - side , " Have You Seen the Saucers " , were intended to be released on the next Airplane album ; however , Marty Balin left the band before production of Bark was completed , forcing a change in some of the planned material . A live version of " Have You Seen the Saucers " appeared as the opening track of the live album Thirty Seconds Over Winterland ; the two studio tracks were finally released on an album when the Early Flight compilation was released .

Vaastav is a 1999 Indian crime action drama written and directed by Mahesh Manjrekar and starring Sanjay Dutt and Namrata Shirodkar . It also features Sanjay Narvekar , Mohnish Behl , Paresh Rawal , Reema Lagoo and Shivaji Satam in supporting roles . " The Reality " as described by the film 's tagline , refers to the harsh realities of life in the Mumbai underworld . The film is said to be loosely based on the life of Mumbai underworld gangster Chhota Rajan . The film was very well received by both critics and audiences . It is the 14th highest grossing Bollywood film of the 1990s decade and the amongst the highest grossing rated R certificate Hindi films of all time . A scene of Sanjay Dutt 's character Raghu shooting the Parsi man 's wife after she spits in his face was cut out in order for the film to get a 15 certificate for DVD and TV . Sanjay Dutt was nominated for the Filmfare best actor category for the fourth time in his then 18 year old film career and finally winning it , regarded by critics unanimously amongst being one of Indian cinema 's most memorable and most quated onscreen characters . The film was extremely successful both in India and overseas . It was nominated for and won many awards . Over the years it has become a cult film . The film was followed by the 2002 sequel Hathyar .

This is a list of artists that have reached number - one on the UK Singles Chart as recorded by the Official Charts Company . Artists are listed alphabetically and separately if more than one artist is credited on a song ( e.g. John Travolta and Olivia Newton - John each get separate credits for their duets from Grease ) . Artists who performed on a song but not credited are not included although notable cases may be recorded in the Notes column . In the 20th century guest musicians or singers were sometimes credited and sometimes not , while it became more common to include featured artists in the early 21st century . This list covers all chart weeks up to the week ending 10 September 2015 .

Joseph II ( Joseph Benedikt Anton Michael Adam ; 13 March 1741 – 20 February 1790 ) was Holy Roman Emperor from August 1765 and sole ruler of the Habsburg lands from November 1780 until his death . He was the eldest son of Empress Maria Theresa and her husband , Emperor Francis I , and the brother of Marie Antoinette . He was thus the first ruler in the Austrian dominions of the House of Lorraine , styled Habsburg - Lorraine . Joseph was a proponent of enlightened absolutism ; however , his commitment to modernizing reforms subsequently engendered significant opposition , which resulted in failure to fully implement his programmes . He has been ranked , with Catherine the Great of Russia and Frederick the Great of Prussia , as one of the three great Enlightenment monarchs . His policies are now known as Josephinism . He died with no sons and was succeeded by his younger brother , Leopold II .

The Christian Church of Southern Sumatra is a Protestant church in Indonesia , based on the southern part of the island of Sumatra , the Provinces of Lampung , Jambi , South Sumatra , and Bengkulu . The synod office is located in Lampung . The denomination was officially founded on 6 August 1987 . It has 30,000–35,000 members , 65 parishes , 40 house fellowships and 13 Classis . The church reported steady growth . The church connected and established formal link to the Protestant Church in the Netherlands . The church has long history since the migrating of millions of Javanese to the island of Sumatra . The Christian Church of Central Java began mission work among these Javanese population in Sumatra . In 1952 5 congregations formed a classis and joined the Javanese Christian Church . In the 1950s the Reformed Church in the Netherlands took over this work . Two Dutch missionaries worked in the field . In 1987 the church become independent . The church publishes a newspaper . It belong to the World Communion of Reformed Churches .

The black drongo ( Dicrurus macrocercus ) is a small Asian passerine bird of the drongo family Dicruridae . It is a common resident breeder in much of tropical southern Asia from southwest Iran through India and Sri Lanka east to southern China and Indonesia . It is a wholly black bird with a distinctive forked tail and measures in length . It feeds on insects , and is common in open agricultural areas and light forest throughout its range , perching conspicuously on a bare perch or along power or telephone lines . The species is known for its aggressive behaviour towards much larger birds , such as crows , never hesitating to dive - bomb any bird of prey that invades its territory . This behaviour earns it the informal name of king crow . Smaller birds often nest in the well - guarded vicinity of a nesting black drongo . Previously grouped along with the African fork - tailed drongo ( Dicrurus adsimilis ) , the Asian forms are now treated as a separate species with several distinct populations . The black drongo has been introduced to some Pacific islands , where it has thrived and become abundant to the point of threatening and causing the extinction of native and endemic bird species there .

Susan McCann ( born 2 February 1949 ) is an Irish - born country and Irish singer , with an enduring and international popularity , who has recorded some 650 songs and toured around the world and performed at numerous prestigious venues including Carnegie Hall and Dollywood McCann has had recording deals in South Africa and toured Russia , has been recording of over 40 years , and has sung for former US President George H. W. Bush . and son George W. Bush . Her 1977 hit " Big Tom is Still the King " become a Number 1 in the Irish pop charts . She made her first appearance at the Grand Ole Opry in 1979 , and won the European Star Award in 1980 . She continue to release new albums , including " Through the Years " a compilation triple disc album in 2015 .

" Savoy Truffle " is a song by the English rock group the Beatles from their 1968 album The Beatles ( also known as " the White Album " ) . The song was written by George Harrison and inspired by his friend Eric Clapton 's fondness for chocolate . The lyrics list the various flavours offered in Mackintosh 's Good News chocolates and serve as a warning to Clapton about the detrimental effect that his gorging would have on his teeth . Along with Clapton 's guest appearance on the White Album track " While My Guitar Gently Weeps " and Harrison reciprocating on Cream 's " Badge " , it is one of several songs that mark the start of a long - lasting musical association between the two guitarists . The Beatles recorded " Savoy Truffle " in October 1968 , towards the end of the five - month sessions for the album . An upbeat rock track in the soul genre , the song reflects Harrison 's return to the guitar as his main musical instrument after two years of studying the Indian sitar . The recording includes a Chris Thomas - arranged horn section , and introduced the horn - heavy sound that became a feature of Harrison 's music as a solo artist . Through the lyrics ' reference to " Ob - La - Di , Ob - La - Da " , the song is also an example of the Beatles ' use of self - quotation in their later work . On release , " Savoy Truffle " was viewed by many commentators as a sign of Harrison 's growing maturity as a songwriter . Among more recent assessments , Ian MacDonald cited it as an example of the lesser material found on The Beatles , while Daryl Easlea of BBC Music describes it as one of the " doodles that delight " and " a fine counterweight " to " While My Guitar Gently Weeps " . Ella Fitzgerald , Terry Manning and They Might Be Giants have also recorded the song .

Bidar is a hill top city in the north - eastern part of Karnataka state in south India . It is the headquarters of the Bidar which borders Maharashtra and Telangana . It is a rapidly urbanising city in the wider Bidar Metropolitan area . The city is well known for its many sites of architectural , historical and religious importance . Being located at the farthest of around from the state capital Bengaluru , it has been neglected by the state government for a long time . However , owing to its rich heritage , the city has a prominent place on the Archaeological Map of India . Picturesquely perched on the Deccan plateau , the Bidar fort is more than 500 years old and still standing strong . According to the book " Bidar Heritage " published by the state Department of Archaeology , Museums and Heritage , of the 61 monuments listed by the department , about 30 are tombs located in and around Bidar city . , explaining its nickname , " City of Whispering Monuments " . The heritage sites in and around Bidar have become the major attraction for film shooting in recent years with Bollywood making visits apart from kannada film industry Bidar is home for the second biggest Indian Air Force training centre in the country . The IAF Station Bidar is used for advanced jet training of prospective fighter pilots on BAe Hawk aircraft . Bidar city is known for its Bidri handicraft products , and its rich history . Bidar is also considered one of the holiest place for Sikh pilgrimage . Unlike other places in the region , Bidar is the coldest and wettest place in north Karnataka . For the year 2009 - 10 , Bidar was ranked 22nd among the cleanest cities in India , and 5th cleanest in Karnataka . SH4 passes through Bidar and the whole city is integrated with 4 lane road . Ancient Karez System in the city have been recently discovered . The Karez ( Qanat ) is an underground network of aqueducts for water supply . The Bidar Karez , built in the 15th century , is more than long with 21 air vents . Underground canals , built to connect underground water streams , were meant to provide drinking water to civilian settlements and the garrison inside the Bidar fort . This was necessary in a city where the soil was rocky and drilling wells was difficult .

UniCredit Banca S.p . A. was the retail banking division of UniCredit Group . On 1 July 2002 , Rolo Banca , Banca CRT , Cariverona Banca , Cassamarca , Cassa di Risparmio di Trento e Rovereto and Cassa di Risparmio di Trieste were merged into Credito Italiano S.p . A. ( a new subsidiary of UniCredit incorporated in December 1999 ) , with Credito Italiano was renamed into UniCredit Banca S.p . A .. On 1 January 2003 UniCredit Private Banking and UniCredit Banca d'Impresa were spin off from UniCredit Banca After UniCredit acquired Capitalia Group in an all - share deal in 2007 , UniCredit Group gained the brand Banca di Roma and Banco di Sicilia . UniCredit Banca exchanged branches with the two sister companies ( as well as absorbed Bipop Carire ) , making UniCredit Banca was specialized in the northern Italy . 3 branches of former UniCredit Banca were sold to Banca Carige . In 2010 , UniCredit Banca was absorbed by the parent company UniCredit S.p . A. , becoming the retail division of the company .

Gustavo Montoya ( b. July 9 , 1905 – d. July 12 , 2003 ) was a Mexican artist considered to be a late adherent to the Mexican School of Painting , most often associated with Mexican muralism . He was born in Mexico City , from a family associated with the Porfirio Díaz regime and who had to hide during part of the Mexican Revolution . He attended the Academy of San Carlos despite his father ’s objections . He later met and married artist Cordelia Urueta , with whom he lived in Paris , developing his artistic talents . He was not heavily involved in Mexico ’s artistic circles but was a founding member of the Liga de Escritores y Artistas Revolucionarios and the Salón de la Plástica Mexicana . His best - selling work was that of children in regional traditional Mexican clothing , but he also painted many street scenes in Mexico City as well as portraits and still lifes .

The Petschek Palace ( in Czech Petschkův palác or Pečkárna ) is a neoclassicist building in Prague . It was built between 1923 and 1929 by the architect Max Spielmann upon a request from the merchant banker Julius Petschek and was originally called " The Bank House Petschek and Co. " ( Bankhaus Petschek & Co. ) Despite its historicizing look , the building was then a very modern one , being constructed of reinforced concrete and fully air - conditioned . It also had tube post , phone switch - board , printing office , a paternoster lift ( which is still functioning ) , and massive safes in the sublevel floor . The building was sold by the Petschek family before the occupation of Czechoslovakia , and the family left the country . It was during the war years that the place gained its notoriety , as it immediately became the headquarters of Gestapo for the Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia . It was here where the interrogations and torturing of the Czech resistance members took place , as well as the courts - martial established by Reinhard Heydrich which sent most of the prisoners to death or to Nazi concentration camps . Many people were put to death in the building itself . A Blue plaque that commemorates the spirit of these war heroes was unveiled on the corner of the building . In 1948 the building was acquired by the then - Czechoslovak Ministry of Foreign Trade . Today it is the residence of a part of the Czech Ministry of Industry and Trade . In 1989 the building became a National Cultural Monument ( Národní kulturní památka ) .

The Cabinet Mountains Wilderness , created by an act of Congress in 1964 , is located in the U.S. state of Montana . Protecting the wildest portions of the Cabinet Mountains and an integral part of Kootenai National Forest and Kaniksu National Forest , the wilderness had enjoyed more limited protection since 1935 as a Primitive Area . U.S. Wilderness Areas do not allow motorized or mechanized vehicles , including bicycles . Although camping and fishing are allowed with proper permit , no roads or buildings are constructed and there is also no logging or mining , in compliance with the 1964 Wilderness Act . Wilderness areas within National Forests and Bureau of Land Management areas also allow hunting in season . There are many mountain lakes and sky scraping peaks located in the Cabinets , the highest of the peaks being Snowshoe Peak .

Michael Helm is a Canadian novelist . He was born in Eston , Saskatchewan , and received degrees in literature from the University of Saskatchewan and the University of Toronto . His debut novel , The Projectionist ( 1997 ) , was nominated for the Giller Prize and the Trillium Book Award . His second novel , In the Place of Last Things ( 2004 ) was a finalist for the regional Commonwealth Prize for Best Book and the Rogers Writers ' Trust Fiction Prize . His 2010 novel Cities of Refuge was shortlisted for the Rogers Writers ' Trust Fiction Prize , longlisted for the Giller Prize , and named a Globe and Mail Best Book of the Year and a Now Magazine Top Ten of 2010 . Helm 's essays on fiction , poetry , and the visual arts have appeared in various magazines , including Brick , where he serves as an editor . Helm currently teaches in the Department of English at York University in Toronto .

Islam in Angola is a minority religion . Most sources estimate the population at 90,000 , although some give a higher figure . Most Muslims in Angola are Sunni . They are generally foreign migrants from West Africa and the Middle East , although a few are local converts . There exist several Islamic organizations that run mosques , schools and community centers . The Association of the Development of Islam in Angola is the primary proselytizing organization . Muslim Angolans are represented by the Supreme Council of Angolan Muslims of Luanda . As of late 2013 , the Angolan government does not legally recognize any Muslim organizations ; as a result , mosques in the country have faced restrictions and many have been shut down by the government .

Athos Procópio de Oliveira Júnior ( born January 3 , 1943 in Catanduva ) is a former international freestyle and backstroke swimmer from Brazil . At the 1959 Pan American Games in Chicago , he finished 7th in the 100 metre backstroke . He also swam the 4 × 100-metre medley . At the 1960 Summer Olympics , in Rome , he swam the 100-metre backstroke and the 4×100-metre medley , not reaching the finals . At the 1963 Pan American Games , in São Paulo , he won two bronze medals in the 100-metre backstroke , and in the 4×200-metre freestyle . At the 1964 Summer Olympics , in Tokyo , he swam the 100-metre freestyle and the 4×100-metre medley , not reaching the finals . Among other achievements , he was part of the Brazilian team champion of the 4×100-metre freestyle relay in the 1964 South American Absolute Championship , in Guayaquil , Ecuador . Team composed of Alvaro Pires , Athos Procópio de Oliveira , Paulo Salles Cunha , and Antonio Celso Guimarães .

Charles M. Stein ( March 22 , 1920 – November 24 , 2016 ) was an American mathematical statistician and professor of statistics at Stanford University . He received his Ph . D in 1947 at Columbia University with advisor Abraham Wald . He held faculty positions at Berkeley and the University of Chicago before moving permanently to Stanford in 1953 . He is known for Stein 's paradox in decision theory , which shows that ordinary least squares estimates can be uniformly improved when many parameters are estimated ; for Stein 's lemma , giving a formula for the covariance of one random variable with the value of a function of another when the two random variables are jointly normally distributed ; and for Stein 's method , a way of proving theorems such as the Central Limit Theorem that does not require the variables to be independent and identically distributed . He was a member of the National Academy of Sciences . He died in November 2016 at the age of 96 .

Oleg was a Rurikid ruler of the Drevlyans from 969 to his death in 977 . He was the second son of Sviatoslav I of Kiev . Date of birth is not known , but is probably before 957 . Sviatoslav split up his domains , and gave the Drevlyan lands to Oleg . Oleg and his brother Yaropolk went to war after their father 's death . According to Primary chronicle , Oleg killed Lyut , the son of Yaropolk 's chief adviser and military commander Sveneld , when he hunted in the Drevlyan lands which Oleg regarded as his own . In an act of revenge and at the insistence of Sveneld , Yaropolk went to war against his brother Oleg and killed him in Ovruch . Oleg was killed incidentally on the run in moat , and Yaropolk did regret this . Then , Yaropolk sent his men to Novgorod , from which his other brother Vladimir had fled on receiving the news about Oleg 's death . Yaropolk became the sole ruler of Rus ' . In 1044 Yaroslav I the Wise had Oleg 's bones exhumed , christened , and reburied in the Church of the Tithes .

The Parish of Bherwerre is a parish of the County of St Vincent in New South Wales which formerly included the area that is now the Jervis Bay Territory , which was transferred to the Commonwealth of Australia in 1915 . Because of this , the parish is now less than half the size it was in the nineteenth century . The Jervis Bay Territory Acceptance Act of 1915 mentions that of the parish were transferred to the Commonwealth . The Seat of Government Acceptance Act of 1909 mentions that three separate parcels in the parish were planned to be transferred to the Commonwealth from Bherwerre , along with land in other nearby parishes , although the actual land transfer in 1915 was only made up of land in the Parish of Bherwerre . The land mentioned in the 1909 act was a portion , a portion , and the of Bowen Island . At the time , the parish was located in Clyde Shire . The parish now includes the towns of Sanctuary Point and Vincentia , and also the village of Hyams Beach . The parish is bounded by St Georges Basin at Erowal Bay in the south , the Jervis Bay Territory in the south - east , Jervis Bay in the east and Moona Moona creek in the north .

" Hometown Glory " is the debut single by British singer Adele , released on 22 October 2007 in the United Kingdom . The song appears on her debut studio album 19 ( 2008 ) . In 2008 , the song was re - released as her fourth single . Adele wrote the song in 10 minutes after her mother tried to persuade her to leave her home suburb of West Norwood in London for university . " Hometown Glory " is the first song that Adele ever wrote . In 2007 , " Hometown Glory " was released on singer Jamie T 's Pacemaker Recordings label as a limited edition 7 " vinyl single , of which only 500 copies were made . The song failed to chart initially . However , due to high downloads of the song during the release week of 19 , the song managed to chart inside the UK Singles Chart top 40 for the first time . In 2010 , the song received a Grammy Award nomination for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance , but lost to Beyoncé 's " Halo " .

The Field Marshals ' Hall of the Winter Palace in Saint Petersburg was built to honor Imperial Russia 's greatest military leaders — Russian generals who attained the rank of Field Marshal . ( The only higher rank was that of Generalissimo , attained by four generals and , in the Soviet period , bestowed on Joseph Stalin ) . This great hall and the adjacent throne room are part of the suite of rooms that were created in the western part of the Winter Palace for Tsar Nicholas I in 1833 by architect Auguste de Montferrand . The great fire , which destroyed the interior of the Winter Palace , began in this hall on 17 December 1837 . It destroyed all in its path for over thirty hours . Following the fire , the hall was rebuilt in its original style by the architect Vasily Stasov . Today , as part of the State Hermitage Museum , this room retains its recreated decoration by Stasov .

The Second Boer War was fought from 11 October 1899 until 31 May 1902 , between the British Empire and the two independent Boer republics of the Orange Free State and the South African Republic ( Transvaal Republic ) . It was a lengthy war involving large numbers of troops which ended with the conversion of the Boer republics into British colonies , with a promise of limited self - government . These colonies later formed part of the Union of South Africa . During the Boer war , 22,000 troops were treated for wounds inflicted during battle . The surgical facilities provided by the British Army were vastly more effective than in previous campaigns . The Medical Department of the army mobilised 151 staff and regimental units . Twenty eight field ambulances , five stationary hospitals and 16 general hospitals were established to deal with casualties . Numerous voluntary organizations set up additional hospitals , medical units and first aid posts . Around one thousand Indians from Natal were shipped to South Africa to help in the recovery effort by transporting the wounded off the battlefields . Even Mahatma Gandhi , who was practising as a lawyer at the time in Durban , was a volunteer , helping recovery efforts in the Battles of Colenso and Spionkop . A second unit was established by Johannesburg and Cape Town Jews and aided both armies .

Grow into One ( stylized as grow into one ) is the second studio album released by Japanese R&B ;- turned - pop singer Koda Kumi , released on March 19 , 2003 . It barely peaked in the Top 10 on Oricon , coming it at # 8 , and charted for forty - three weeks . The album also contained , at the time , one of her best - selling singles , " Real Emotion/1000 no Kotoba " . Combined with the singles , the album has sold over half a million copies in Japan . The album featured rap duo Clench & Blistah and urban contemporary singer and producer Lisa , who had been featured on Kumi 's single " Maze " , after having just split from her founded hip - hop group M - Flo .

Set Them Free ( foaled February 11 , 1990 , in Kentucky , died October 30 , 2018 ) was an American thoroughbred mare racehorse . She is sired by stakes winner Stop The Music , who in turn was sired by the 1960 U.S. Champion 2-Yr - Old Colt , Hail To Reason , out of the Tyrant mare Valseuse . She was purchased as a two - year - old by Ann and Jerome Moss at the 1992 Fasig - Tipton Calder sale for $ 45,000 through the late trainer Brian Mayberry and was named for a song by the recording artist Sting . Known as a sprint specialist , at age two Set Them Free won the Pasadena Stakes at Santa Anita Park and the Debutante Breeders ' Cup Stakes at Bay Meadows Racetrack . She placed 11th in the Breeders ' Cup Juvenile Fillies . Set Them Free was best known for her success as a broodmare . She was the dam of two Kentucky Derby entrants : 2005 winner Giacomo , by Holy Bull , and Tiago , by Pleasant Tap .

Zain Javadd Malik ( , ; born 12 January 1993 ) , known mononymously as Zayn , is an English singer and songwriter . Born and raised in Bradford , West Yorkshire , Malik auditioned as a solo contestant for the British music competition The X Factor in 2010 . After being eliminated as a solo performer , Malik was brought back into the competition , along with four other contestants , to form the boy band that would become known as One Direction . Malik left the group in March 2015 and subsequently signed a solo recording contract with RCA Records . Adopting a more alternative R&B ; music style with his debut studio album Mind of Mine ( 2016 ) and its lead single , " Pillowtalk " , Malik became the first British male artist to debut at number one in both the UK and US with a debut single and debut album . Malik is the recipient of several accolades , including an American Music Award , Billboard Music Award and MTV Video Music Award .

Captain Karl Mayr ( 5 January 1883 in Mindelheim – 9 February 1945 in Buchenwald concentration camp ) was a General Staff officer and Adolf Hitler 's immediate superior in an army Intelligence Division in the Reichswehr , 1919 – 1920 . Mayr was particularly known as the man who introduced Hitler to politics . In 1919 , Mayr directed Hitler to write the Gemlich letter , in which Hitler first expressed his anti - semitic views in writing . Mayr later became Hitler 's opponent , and wrote in his memoirs that General Erich Ludendorff had personally ordered him to have Hitler join the German Workers ' Party ( DAP ) and build it up . As far as it is known , his last rank was major . In 1933 , he fled to France after the Nazis came to national power . Mayr was tracked down by the Gestapo , arrested , imprisoned , and later murdered at the Buchenwald Concentration Camp in 1945 . A fact - based portrayal of Mayr is dramatized in the 2002 film Max , a fictional account of Hitler 's life in Munich just prior to joining the German Workers ' Party .

Stantec Tower is a mixed - use skyscraper currently under construction in the Ice District in downtown Edmonton , Alberta . , when it reached a construction height of , it surpassed the JW Marriott Edmonton Ice District & Residences and became the tallest building in Edmonton . The office area of the tower is expected to open in 2018 , and the residential portion in 2019 . Once completed , Stantec Tower will be tall , making it the tallest building in Canada outside Toronto . The 66-storey tower will consist of retail space , offices , and 454 residential units . It will house the headquarters of Stantec . Located close to Rogers Place , home of the NHL 's Edmonton Oilers , it will be in the heart of the newly created Ice District .

Theology is the eighth full - length album by Irish singer Sinéad O'Connor . It was released in 2007 on Rubyworks ( and Koch Records in the US ) . The album consists of two discs , the acoustic " Dublin Sessions " and the full - band " London Sessions " . The first single from Theology is " I Do n't Know How to Love Him " ( an Andrew Lloyd Webber and Tim Rice song from Jesus Christ Superstar ) . In the issue dated 14 July 2007 , the album entered the US Billboard 200 chart at number 168 . The album also debuted in the top 20 of Billboard 's Independent Albums list at number 15 . First - week sales of the album in the US amounted to 4,700 units , while the record also charted in Ireland , France and Italy . The album sold 375,000 copies worldwide .

Ray Monette is an American musician . He started his career as a songwriter and musician in Detroit . In 1967 with a band called The Abstract Reality , a 45 rpm single " Love Burns Like A Fire Inside " was released . With Mike Campbell , Bob ' Babbitt ' Kreinar and Andrew Smith he formed Scorpion . His name appears on Scorpion and Meat Loaf 's debut album Stoney & Meatloaf ( 1971 ) . For this recording , he cowrote four songs . In that same year , he played tenor guitar on " Evolution " by Dennis Coffey & the Detroit Guitar Band , and played a guitar solo on Funkadelic 's " I Got a Thing , You Got a Thing , Everybody 's Got a Thing " . He was a guitarist and singer of the Rare Earth from 1971 until 2004 ( with a break around 1977 ) . In 2010 he played on the Phil Collins album Going Back .

Abrakurrie Cave is a wild cave on the Nullarbor Plain in Western Australia . It is located about north west of Eucla and is reported to have the largest single cave chamber in the southern hemisphere , and that stencils in the cave are the deepest penetration of Aboriginal art of any cave system in Australia . Visits to the cave occurred as early as the 1880s . The cave was explored by an expedition led by Captain J. M. Thompson in 1935 . The explorers described a cave that was in length , wide and deep . After progressing a further the group found the passage forked into two passages one of which continued a further leading to a huge cavern . Photographs of the cave were published after the 1935 expedition . It was a well documented cave by the 1960s .

Samuel Bigger ( March 20 , 1802 – September 9 , 1846 ) was the seventh Governor of the U.S. state of Indiana from December 9 , 1840 to December 6 , 1843 . Bigger was nominated to run for governor because he had no connection to the failed public works program . The state had entered a severe financial crisis in his predecessor 's term and the government became insolvent during his first year in office . He oversaw the state 's bankruptcy negotiations , but the bankruptcy he negotiated was only able to return the state to solvency briefly . By the time of his reelection campaign , the Whig Party had become the target of public blame for the debacle , and Bigger was defeated .

Miroslaw Balka ( born 1958 , Warsaw , Poland ) , is a contemporary Polish sculptor and video artist . He graduated from the Warsaw Academy of Fine Arts in 1985 . He currently works in Otwock and Warsaw , Poland . From 1986 to 1989 , Balka worked in the group Consciousnes Neue Bieriemiennost . He was the 1991 winner of the Mies van der Rohe Stipendium from the Kunstmuseum Krefeld and he is a member of Akademie der Künste , Berlin . Balka runs the Spatial Activities Studio at the Warsaw Academy of Fine Arts . In 2009 , Balka installed How It Is , the 10th Unilever Series commission for the Turbine Hall at Tate Modern , London , which opened on 13 October of that year .

Zee ETC Bollywood Channel is a Bollywood trade television channel . The channel caters to audiences in the Asia Pacific region and has shows that are hosted in English and Hindi . The channel features reviews , previews , box office collections , details of new and upcoming releases , trade speculations of Hindi films . Talks with Bollywood actors , trade pundits , directors , producers , distributors and film marketers etc . give audiences the insights about a particular film from a business perspective . Well known film critic , Komal Nahta stepped into film critic Taran Adarsh 's shoes as a host of one of the most prominent shows of the channel , B Biz Reviews in April 2010 . ETC is an India - based satellite television channel based in Mumbai , Maharashtra , ETC was a 24-hour Indian Music Channel . Zee Network was founded by Subhash Chandra and was launched in India on 1 October 1992 .

Nops is a genus of medium - sized caponiid spider native to South America , Central America , and the Caribbean islands . The genus currently counts 27 extant species plus one fossil in Dominican amber , but probably the real number of extant species is greater . Nops have a great richness on the Caribbean islands ( 14 species ) . Even species of Central America ( 4 ) and South America ( 15 ) are located in high proportion toward the area of the Caribbean Sea . Most species of South America are known only from the coast of Colombia and Venezuela , including the islands of Aruba , Curaçao , Bonaire and Trinidad . The genus is not revised yet , but apparently have a Neotropical distribution .

Pari Khan Khanum ( , also spelled Parikhan Khanum ; 1548 – 1576 ) was a Safavid princess , the daughter of the Safavid king ( shah ) Tahmasp I ( 1524 – 1576 ) and his Circassian consort , Sultan - Agha Khanum . An influential figure in the Safavid state , Pari Khan Khanum was well educated and knowledgeable in traditional Islamic sciences such as jurisprudence , and was an accomplished poet . She played a crucial role in securing the succession of her brother Ismail II ( r. 1576 – 1577 ) to the Safavid throne . During Ismail 's brief reign , her influence lessened , but then increased during the reign of Ismail 's successor , Mohammad Khodabanda ( r. 1578 – 1587 ) , even becoming the de facto ruler of the Safavid state for a short period . She was strangled to death on 12February 1578 at Qazvin because her influence and power were perceived as dangerous by the Qizilbash .

Odeon Sky Filmworks is a joint venture between Odeon Cinemas and British Sky Broadcasting designed to bring film titles to UK audiences in cinemas and at home . Called ‘ Odeon and Sky Filmworks’ ( FILMWORKS ) , the collaboration between SKY and ODEON will act as a UK - based film distributor , signing up titles directly from filmmakers . Filmworks plans initially to sign up to six films for release per year . Films will have a theatrical release at ODEON , as well as at other cinema chains , prior to DVD retail ( including ODEON foyer sales ) and DVD rental ( including ODEON Direct ) . Sky will retain all UK TV rights – and will make the films available to Sky viewers across its download service – Sky Movies By Broadband , as well as Sky Box Office , before their UK Television Premiere on Sky Movies .

Khan Tervel ( ) also called Tarvel , or Terval , or Terbelis in some Byzantine sources , was the Khan of Bulgaria during the First Bulgarian Empire at the beginning of the 8th century . In 705 Emperor Justinian II named him Caesar , the first foreigner to receive this title . He was a Christian like his grandfather Khan Kubrat . Tervel played an important role in defeating the Arabs during the Siege of Constantinople in 717 – 718 . The Nominalia of the Bulgarian khans states that Tervel belonged to the Dulo clan and reigned for 21 years . According to the chronology developed by Moskov , Tervel would have reigned 695–715 . Other chronologies place his reign in 701 – 718 or 700 – 721 , but can not be reconciled with the testimony of the Imennik . The testimony of the source and some later traditions allow identifying Tervel as the son and heir of his predecessor Asparukh , who had perhaps died in battle against the Khazars . The Emperor Tervel is a Bulgarian Saint , painted in many medieval and renaissance frescoes in many churches and monasteries in Bulgaria .

Mount Carmel Cemetery is a Roman Catholic cemetery located in the Chicago suburb of Hillside , Illinois . Mount Carmel is an active cemetery , located within the jurisdiction of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chicago . It is located near the Eisenhower Expressway ( Interstate 290 ) at Wolf and Roosevelt Roads . Another Catholic cemetery , Queen of Heaven , is located immediately south of Mount Carmel , across Roosevelt Road . Mount Carmel Cemetery was consecrated in 1901 and is currently in size . It maintained its own office until 1965 , when it combined operations with Queen of Heaven Cemetery . There are more than 226,275 remains at Mount Carmel and about 800 remains are interred there annually . Mount Carmel Cemetery is also the final resting place of numerous local organized crime figures , the most notorious of these being Al Capone . In all , the cemetery grounds contain over 400 family mausoleums . Many remains at the cemetery are people of Italian ancestry . The cemetery contains hundreds of headstones and monuments adorned with statues and elaborate engravings of religious figures such as Jesus , The Blessed Mother and many saints as well as angels . Many of the tombstones contain photographs of the inhabitants , reflecting a custom common in Italian cemeteries . The cemetery contains Commonwealth war graves of two World War I soldiers of the Canadian Army .

The Beverly Hillbillies is an American sitcom ( situation comedy ) television series originally broadcast on CBS from 1962 to 1971 . The show had an ensemble cast featuring Buddy Ebsen , Irene Ryan , Donna Douglas , and Max Baer Jr. as the Clampetts , a poor backwoods family from the Ozarks region who move to posh Beverly Hills , California , after striking oil on their land . The show was produced by Filmways and was created by writer Paul Henning . It was followed by two other Henning - inspired " country cousin " series on CBS : Petticoat Junction , and its spin - off Green Acres , which reversed the rags - to - riches , country - to - city model of The Beverly Hillbillies . The Beverly Hillbillies ranked among the top 20 most - watched programs on television for eight of its nine seasons , twice ranking as the number one series of the year , with a number of episodes that remain among the most - watched television episodes in history . It accumulated seven Emmy nominations during its run . The series remains in syndicated reruns , and its ongoing popularity spawned a 1993 film remake by 20th Century Fox .

Tholing ( , literally " high place " ; ) , Toling , Tuolin , or Toding , alternatively Zanda , Tsanda , Tsada , or Zada , is a town and seat of Zanda County , Ngari Prefecture , in the west of Tibet Autonomous Region , People 's Republic of China . The town was the former capital of Guge Kingdom in western Tibet when it was ruled by Langdarma . Now an isolated military town , it has a well laid out new street , a post office , and telecommunication facilities . The Tholing Monastery , established in 997 AD , is in the suburbs of the town , in the Grand canyon of the Langchen Tsangpo ( Sutlej River ) . Historically , this was an important monastery ; the second dissemination of Buddhism in Tibet emanated from it .

" Break Away " is a song written by Wayland Holyfield and Gary Nicholson . It was originally recorded and released as a single by American country artist Gail Davies . " Break Away " was recorded at the " Emerald Sound Studio " in June 1984 , which is located in Nashville , Tennessee , United States . Davies recorded her entire sixth studio album ( Where Is a Woman to Go ) during this session . The session was co - produced by Davies and Leland Sklar . " Break Away " was released as the album 's fourth single in August 1985 via RCA Records . The single peaked at number fifteen on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart . The single was Davies ' final major hit on the latter chart .

Carl Anderson may refer to : Carl Anderson ( American musician ) ( born 2005 ) , jazz saxophonist better known as yung jarl Carl Anderson ( American football ) ( 1898 – 1978 ) , American college football coach Carl Anderson ( art director ) ( 1903 – 1989 ) , American art director Carl Anderson ( basketball ) ( 1913 – 2001 ) , American professional basketball player Carl Anderson ( North Dakota politician ) ( 1897 – 1945 ) , North Dakota State Treasurer Carl Anderson ( South Carolina politician ) , member of the South Carolina House of Representatives Carl Anderson ( singer ) ( 1945 – 2004 ) , American singer , film and theatre actor Carl A. Anderson ( born 1951 ) , Supreme Knight of the Knights of Columbus Carl C. Anderson ( 1877 – 1912 ) , U.S. Representative from Ohio Carl David Anderson ( 1905 – 1991 ) , physicist Carl Thomas Anderson ( 1865 – 1948 ) , cartoonist Carl Anderson ( Toronto official )

On Your Mark is a song by the Japanese rock duo Chage & Aska . The song was released in 1994 as part of the single Heart . It became a million selling hit single upon its release and has been performed in concert by the duo . The song has been included on a variety of their albums . Originally written with Japanese lyrics an English language adaptation was created and released under the title Castles in the Air . It was notably performed by Chage and Aska during their recorded MTV Unplugged session , the first such session by an act from Asia . In 1995 a music video was created by Studio Ghibli . Hayao Miyazaki wrote and directed the animated short film as a side - project after having writer 's block with Princess Mononoke . The short film , with the title Ghibli Experimental Theater On Your Mark was played in concert in June 1995 and had a theatrical release in July together with Whisper of the Heart .

John Udell ( 22 June 1795 – 30 June 1874 ) was an American farmer and Baptist lay preacher who is primarily known for two detailed diaries he kept of his travels to California across the Great Plains of the United States . He traversed the overland route four times between 1850 and 1859 , returning by sea on his first three trips . After his fourth and final trip to California he remained there , settling in Solano County and later in Sonoma County . His first diary , Incidents of Travel to California Across the Great Plains , was published in 1856 . His second diary , Journal of John Udell , Kept During a Trip Across the Plains , was first published in 1859 and is an account of his last trip to California as a member of the Rose - Baley Party .

The Bonaparte Pottery Archeological District is a nationally recognized historic district located in Bonaparte , Iowa , United States . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999 . At the time of its nomination it contained four resources , which included one contributing building , one contributing site , and two non - contributing buildings . The contributing resources include the remains of two kilns from Bonaparte Pottery , which operated from 1866 to 1895 . It also includes the factory building ( 1876 ) that replaced a building that was destroyed in a fire in November 1875 . The non - contributing resources include two buildings that are associated with the lumberyard that took over the site after the pottery closed . They were built after the period of historical significance . While modest in size compared with Red Wing Pottery in Minnesota and Western Stoneware in Illinois , Bonaparte Pottery was mid - sized operation associated with the pottery industry in Iowa . Pottery had a significant economic impact on the state from the mid to the late 19th - century . The Des Moines River Valley had the greatest concentration of potteries in the state because of the abundant coal deposits located there . Fire clay , which is used to manufacture ceramics , was a by - product of coal mining . Sidney Parker and Thomas Hanback founded the business in 1866 . Robert Wilson and Henry Jones joined the business in its later years . The pottery went out of business in 1895 for a variety of reasons . The financial panic of 1893 undoubtedly played a part , but Bonaparte experienced a severe decline in manufacturing that began in the 1890s . Other pottery operations had improved their mechanization , they had a better quality of clay , and they were located closer to population centers where they could sell their products .

The Workers Party ( WP ) was a Third Camp Trotskyist group in the United States . It was founded in April 1940 by members of the Socialist Workers Party who opposed the Soviet invasion of Finland and Leon Trotsky 's belief that the USSR under Joseph Stalin was still innately proletarian , a " degenerated workers ' state . " They included Max Shachtman , who became the new group 's leader , Hal Draper , CLR James , Raya Dunayevskaya , Martin Abern , Joseph Carter , Julius Jacobson , Phyllis Jacobson , Albert Glotzer , Stan Weir , B. J. Widick , and Irving Howe . The party 's politics are often referred to as " Shachtmanite . " At the time of the split , almost 40 % of the membership of the SWP left to form the Workers Party . The WP had approximately 500 members . Although it recruited among workers and youth during World War Two it never grew substantially , despite having more impact than its numbers would suggest .

Pentti Tapio Akseli Linnosvuo ( 17 March 1933 – 13 July 2010 ) was a Finnish sport shooter . Together with Alfred Lane , he is the only Olympic competitor to win gold medals in both 50 m pistol and 25 m rapid fire pistol – the technique differs much between these two events , and hence few modern top - level shooters attempt to excel in both . He competed at five consecutive Olympics in 1952 – 1968 , winning two gold medals and a silver . Linnosvuo was born in Vaasa , but grew up in Helsinki , where he played ice hockey with Helsingin Jalkapalloklubi , and basketball and football with Sudet . He took up shooting aged 15 , first with a rifle , but then changed to pistol , which was easier to handle for a left - handed person . In 1951 he won his first national title , and at the 1952 Olympics placed fifth in the 25 m rapid fire event . He later won 15 more national titles in 1952 – 1967 and served as the Finnish flag bearer at the 1968 Olympics . He took part in five world championships , but medalled only in his first one in 1954 . While competing , in 1957–65 Linnosvuo was employed by S Group , a Finnish retailing organization . After that he worked with M - real Corporation , a Finnish pulp and paper company , and coached Finnish , West German , Swiss and Norwegian national pistol teams . From 1983 to 1999 he served as president of the Finnish Hunting Association and in 1995–98 headed the Finnish Olympic Winners Association .

James William Murphy ( April 17 , 1858 – July 11 , 1927 ) was a U.S. Representative from Wisconsin . Born in Platteville , Wisconsin in 1858 , Murphy graduated from the State Normal School ( now the University of Wisconsin – Platteville ) in 1873 and from the University of Michigan Law School in 1880 . He practiced law in Platteville , and served as district attorney of Grant County , Wisconsin from 1887 to 1891 . He was elected mayor of Platteville for a two - year term in 1904 , and was then elected to the United States House of Representatives as a Democrat in 1906 , defeating Joseph W. Babcock for the seat from Wisconsin 's 3rd congressional district . Murphy served one term as part of the 60th United States Congress , but was defeated for reelection in 1908 by Arthur W. Kopp . He ran unsuccessfully for Congress once more , in 1920 . He died in Rochester , Minnesota in 1927 .

Livia Bitton - Jackson ( born February 28 , 1931 ) is an author and a Holocaust survivor . She was born as Elli L. Friedmann in Samorin , Czechoslovakia , She was 13 years old when she , her mother , father , aunt and brother Bubi , were taken to Ghetto Nagymagyar . Eventually , they were transported to Auschwitz , the largest German concentration camp , where her brother and aunt were separated from Livia and her mother . Her aunt perished but her brother survived . She , her mother and brother were liberated in 1945 . Bitton - Jackson came to the U.S. on a refugee boat in 1951 to join Bubi , who was studying in New York . She then studied at New York University , from which she received a Ph.D. in Hebrew Culture and Jewish History . She also wrote her 1997 memoir I Have Lived a Thousand Years .

Jordan , Ontario , is a community located on the eastern edge of the Town of Lincoln , in the Niagara Region . Jordan is bordered by the Twenty Mile Creek and Vineland to the west , Lake Ontario to the north , St. Catharines to the east , and Pelham to the south . Lying roughly 100   km from Toronto and 65   km from Buffalo by road , Jordan is located along a major transportation corridor between Canada and the United States . In January 2014 Jordan was brought to international attention when Al - Qaeda - directed terrorists were arrested for plotting to derail a passenger train traveling from Toronto to New York on a rail - bridge crossing the Jordan Harbour . Jordan is home to many wineries due to its climatically advantageous grape - growing conditions in the Niagara Region , and is one of the premier icewine - producing destinations in Canada . Also located in Jordan is the Ball 's Falls Conservation Area , which is maintained by the Niagara Peninsula Conservation Authority , and the home of the second - tallest waterfall in the Niagara Region .

Apatornis is a genus of prehistoric birds endemic to North America during the late Cretaceous . It currently contains a single species , Apatornis celer , which lived around the Santonian - Campanian boundary , dated to about 83.5 million years ago . The remains of this species were found in the Smoky Hill Chalk of the Niobrara Formation in Kansas , United States . It is known from a single fossil specimen : a synsacrum , the fused series of vertebrae over the hips . While the known fossil remains are very incomplete , enough has been found to reasonably estimate that the body length of this bird was between . The type specimen of A. celer , YPM 1451 , was reportedly discovered by Othniel Charles Marsh in October 1872 at Butte Creek in Logan County , Kansas . This location is now recognized as falling between Marker Units 15 and 19 of the Smoky Hill Chalk geological formation . An additional , more complete specimen had also been referred to Apatornis celer by Marsh . This more complete specimen had historically been the one used almost exclusively to form the basis of what was known about Apatornis . However , Julia Clarke noted in 2004 that because the second specimen did not preserve any of the same bones as the first , the two could not be scientifically compared . Clarke therefore reclassified the second specimen as its own genus and species , Iaceornis marshi .

The Cannonsville Reservoir is a reservoir in Delaware County , New York , that was formed by the Cannonsville Dam at the west end of the reservoir , impounding over half of the West Branch of the Delaware River . It is the westernmost of New York City 's reservoirs , being at the western portion of the Delaware Watershed . Placed in service in 1964 , it is the most recently constructed New York City - owned reservoir . The town of Cannonsville was destroyed to make room for the reservoir . The reservoir lies within the towns of Tompkins and Deposit . It has the largest drainage basin of all of the NYC reservoirs , being at 455 square miles ( 1178   km ) . The reservoir 's capacity is . This water flows over halfway through the reservoir to enter the West Delaware Tunnel in Tompkins , New York . Then it flows through the aqueduct into the Rondout Reservoir , where the water enters the Delaware Aqueduct . The Delaware Aqueduct then continues through the West Branch Reservoir and the Kensico Reservoir in Westchester and Putnam counties north of the city . The aqueduct continues further south through the Hillview Reservoir in Yonkers , and then continues through The Bronx , Queens , and Brooklyn , eventually ending in Staten Island , providing New York City with about 50 % of their drinking water . The Cannonsville Dam is being considered as a site for a 14.08MW hydroelectric generating station .

Yvonne Printemps (; 25 July 1894 – 19 January 1977 ) was a French singer and actress who achieved stardom on stage and screen in France and internationally . Printemps went on the stage in Paris at the age of 12 , and at 21 she was singled out by the actor , director and playwright Sacha Guitry as a leading lady . In 1919 they were married , and worked closely together until 1932 , when they divorced . Printemps never remarried , but had a personal and professional partnership with the actor Pierre Fresnay which lasted until his death in 1975 . As a performer , Printemps was famed for the quality of her singing voice and for her personal charm . Among those who composed for her were André Messager , Reynaldo Hahn , Noël Coward and Francis Poulenc . Her voice could have led her to an operatic career , but guided by Guitry she concentrated on operette and other types of musical show , along with non - musical plays and films . In addition to her many successes in Paris she appeared to great acclaim in the West End of London , and on Broadway in New York .

Gaetano Cecere , ( November 26 , 1894 – 1985 ) American sculptor , born , educated and worked in New York City . He studied with Hermon A MacNeil , with work in the Museum of Modern Art in New York City , and Gaetano , known as Guy attended the Beaux - Arts Institute of Design and the National Academy of Design . In 1920 he won the Prix de Rome and studied at the American Academy in Rome for several years . During this period a " tendency to simplify forms for decorative effects was developed . " . Cecere has works collected by many major museums , from Classical to Contemporary , including the Smithsonian Institution , the " National Collection of Fine Arts " and the Archives of American Art " . He was a member of the National Sculpture Society .

Souha Fawaz Bechara also spelled Souha Bechara or Soha Bechara ( Arabic : سهى فواز بشارة ) ( born June 15 , 1967 ) is a Lebanese national . In 1988 , at the age of twenty one , she attempted to assassinate General Antoine Lahad of the South Lebanon Army , a Christian militia funded by Israel . Bechara was quickly arrested and held in the infamous Khiam prison . She was released on September 3 , 1998 , following an intense Lebanese and European campaign . In 2000 , she published her autobiography , Résistante , relating her early life and her years in jail . English and Arabic translations following in 2003 . In 2011 , Bechara published another autobiography , whose Arabic title translates as I Dream of a Cell of Cherries . Her co - author , Cosette Elias Ibrahim , is a Lebanese journalist who was also detained in the Khiam prison . She was released on 22 May 2000 , when Israel pulled out of the south of Lebanon and the South Lebanon Army forces abandoned the Khiam prison . Parts of Bechara 's story were used in Wajdi Mouawad 's 2003 play , Incendies , which Denis Villeneuve adapted to the screen in his 2010 film by the same name .

Technique is the fifth studio album by English rock band New Order , released on 30 January 1989 by Factory Records . Partly recorded on the island of Ibiza , it incorporates Balearic beat and acid house influences into the group 's dance - rock sound . The album was influenced by the then growing acid scene , and Sumner 's experiences in the 500 Club in New York and Shroom in London . It was the first in a few of their albums where Peter Hook 's bass sound was predominant . Technique was also New Order 's final studio album to be released under Factory Records ( though not their final Factory release , that being the following year 's " World in Motion " ) ; the label would declare bankruptcy in 1992 following a severe financial downturn caused primarily by the significant commercial failure of Happy Mondays ' Yes Please ! Technique was the first New Order album to reach number one on the UK charts , and " Fine Time " , the first single from the album , reached number 11 . Remixed versions of " Round & Round " and " Run " were also released as singles .

Dany Morin ( born December 19 , 1985 ) is a Canadian businessman and former politician , who served in the House of Commons of Canada from 2011 to 2015 . He represented the electoral district of Chicoutimi — Le Fjord as a member of the New Democratic Party . A chiropractor , he was one of five openly gay candidates elected to Parliament in the 2011 election . He served as the NDP associate critic for lesbian , gay , bisexual , transgender , and transsexual issues , alongside lead critic Randall Garrison . Morin was defeated in the 2015 election by Liberal Denis Lemieux . Following his electoral defeat , he launched Monsieur Fulgence , an e - commerce project to promote local artisans and craftspeople from the Saguenay – Lac - Saint - Jean region .

The Technical University of Madrid or sometimes called Polytechnic University of Madrid ( , UPM ) is a Spanish university , located in Madrid . It was founded in 1971 as the result of merging different Technical Schools of Engineering and Architecture , originating mainly in the 18th century . Over 35,000 students attend classes during the year . According to the annual university ranking conducted by El Mundo , the Technical University of Madrid ranks as the top technical university in Spain , and second overall . The majority of its Engineering Schools are consistently ranked as leading academic institutions in Spain in their fields , and among the very best in Europe . The UPM is part of the TIME network , which groups fifty engineering schools throughout Europe .

Prayer in the Hebrew Bible is an evolving means of interacting with God , most frequently through a spontaneous , individual , unorganized form of petitioning and/or thanking . Standardized prayer such as is done today is non - existent , though beginning in Deuteronomy , the Bible lays the groundwork for organized prayer , including basic liturgical guidelines , and by the Bible 's later books , prayer has evolved to a more standardized form , although still radically different from the form practiced by modern Jews . Individual prayer is described by the Tanakh two ways . The first of these is when prayer is described as occurring , and a result is achieved , but no further information regarding a person 's prayer is given . In these instances , such as with Isaac , Moses , Samuel , and Job , the act of praying is a method of changing a situation for the better . The second way in which prayer is depicted is through fully fleshed out episodes of prayer , where a person 's prayer is related in full . Many famous biblical personalities have such a prayer , including every major character from Hannah to Hezekiah .

" Nisei " is the ninth episode of the third season of the American science fiction television series The X - Files . It premiered on the Fox network on . It was directed by David Nutter , and written by Chris Carter , Frank Spotnitz and Howard Gordon . " Nisei " featured guest appearances by Steven Williams , Raymond J. Barry and Stephen McHattie . The episode helped explore the series ' overarching mythology . " Nisei " earned a Nielsen household rating of 9.8 , being watched by 16.36 million people in its initial broadcast . The episode received largely positive reviews from critics . The show centers on FBI special agents Fox Mulder ( David Duchovny ) and Dana Scully ( Gillian Anderson ) who work on cases linked to the paranormal , called X - Files . In this episode , Mulder and Scully investigate the origins of an alien autopsy Mulder believes is real . The investigation uncovers Japanese involvement and sees Mulder smuggle himself onto a secret cargo train to find out more . " Nisei " is a two - part episode , with the plot continuing in the next episode , " 731 " . Inspired by the atrocities committed by Unit 731 , a Japanese research program during World War II , " Nisei " was originally intended to be a stand - alone mythology episode , but was lengthened into two separate parts . The episode featured several scenes that required stunt work , which David Duchovny performed himself . The episode 's title refers to the term nisei , meaning the son or daughter of an Issei couple born outside Japan .

Teatrul Evreiesc de Stat ( TES , the State Jewish Theater ) in Bucharest , Romania is a theater specializing in Jewish - related plays . It is the oldest Yiddish - language theater with uninterrupted activity in the world . Its contemporary repertoire includes plays by Jewish authors , plays on Jewish topics , and plays in Yiddish ( which are performed with simultaneous translation into Romanian , using headphones installed in the theater in the 1970s ) . Many of the plays also feature Jewish actors . A precursor , the Teatru Evreiesc Baraşeum operated as a Jewish theater through most of World War II , although they were closed during the few months of the National Legionary State , and thereafter performed in Romanian rather than Yiddish through until the fall of Ion Antonescu .

The Zlatni Rat , often referred to as the Golden Cape or Golden Horn ( translated from the local Chakavian dialect ) , is a spit of land located about west from the harbour town of Bol on the southern coast of the Croatian island of Brač , in the region of Dalmatia . It extends southward into the Hvar Channel , a body of water in the Adriatic Sea between the islands of Brač and Hvar , which is home to strong currents . The landform itself is mostly composed of a white pebble beach , with a Mediterranean pine grove taking up the remainder . Zlatni Rat has been regularly listed as one of the top beaches in Europe . Its distinctive shape can be seen in many travel brochures , which made it one of the symbols of Croatian tourism .

The discography of Mötley Crüe , a heavy metal band from Los Angeles , California , consists of nine studio albums , two live albums , three EPs , six compilation albums , three box sets , nine DVD , 30 singles , and 31 music videos . Mötley Crüe were an American heavy metal band formed in Los Angeles , California in 1981 . The band was founded by bass guitarist Nikki Sixx and drummer Tommy Lee , who were later joined by lead guitarist Mick Mars and lead singer Vince Neil . Mötley Crüe has sold more than 100 million copies worldwide , including 25 million in the US . The band members have often been noted for their hard - living lifestyles ; all members have had numerous brushes with the law , have spent time in jail , have suffered long addictions to alcohol and drugs , have had countless escapades with women , and are heavily tattooed . Their ninth studio album entitled Saints of Los Angeles was released on June 24 , 2008 . In 2013 , the band announced a retirement and a farewell tour .

Doctors to Be is a biographical documentary series that was first broadcast on BBC Two by BBC Television and is also the name of a book , published by BBC Books , that accompanies the series . The television series follows 10 medical students who enrolled at St Mary 's Hospital Medical School ( now a part of Imperial College School of Medicine ) in the 1985 intake of students . It starts in 1984 with their admission interviews , then follows them through five or six years as medical students , and ends with their first experiences of working as busy junior hospital doctors in the National Health Service . The BBC decided to make the series in 1983 and the BBC contacted several medical schools . The BBC selected St Mary 's Hospital Medical School , London , England , partly because the dean , Prof Peter Richards , was enthusiastic about filming and thought that medical education was of public interest . Filming began in November 1984 when applicants were applying for university and going to interviews for the 1985 intake at St Mary 's Hospital Medical School . St Mary 's Medical School interviewed 419 applicants and 100 of these interviews were filmed . In the autumn of 1985 , when studies had started , every student in the year was asked if they wanted to take part in the television series , and 10 students , who were thought to be outgoing and resilient to the pressures of filming , were chosen by the BBC . Each of the 10 medical students was filmed regularly and about 300 hours of film accumulated in total . The series was one of the nominations for the best factual series at the 1992 British Academy Television Awards , although it did not win an award . An update , , was first broadcast on BBC Four in 2007 .

Luciano Pigozzi , also known professionally as Alan Collins ( 10 January 1927 – 14 June 2008 ) , was an Italian character actor . A long - time staple of Italian genre cinema , Pigozzi was known for such films as Human Cobras , Yor , the Hunter from the Future , Ivanhoe , the Norman Swordsman , Blood and Black Lace , Libido and perhaps his goriest role in Baron Blood . Born in Novellara , province of Reggio Emilia , in Italy ; he appeared in more than one hundred films between 1954 and 1989 , including many 1960s Italian thrillers such as Terror - Creatures from the Grave , Werewolf in a Girls ' Dormitory and The Whip and the Body . Pigozzi died in 2008 , at age 81 .

Vietnam Era is a term used by the United States Department of Veterans Affairs to classify veterans of the Vietnam War . Various departments of federal , state and local governments as well as private employers often give Vietnam Era veterans special consideration regarding employment and sometimes assign extra qualifying points . For VA purposes , in accordance with the Code of Federal Regulations Chapter 38 Paragraph 3.2 ( f ) , the Vietnam Era is " The period beginning on February 28 , 1961 and ending on May 7 , 1975 , inclusive , in the case of a veteran who served in the Republic of Vietnam during that period . The period beginning on August 5 , 1964 and ended on May 7 , 1975 inclusive , in all other cases . " The U.S. Congress , U.S. Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs elected to designate those years as such to accord special privileges to all persons who served the country 's armed forces during that time . Similar designations have been made for other periods of war . The date August 5 , 1964 is significant because it was the day of the start of U.S. bombing of North Vietnam at the Gulf of Tonkin . Two days later , on August 7 , 1964 , Congress passed the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution , giving the Johnson Administration significant powers to make war in Vietnam . The Gulf of Tonkin battle is seen as the beginning of the dramatic escalation of U.S. operations in Vietnam . The end of the war is noted as May 7 , 1975 because President Gerald R. Ford announced the end of the war on that day .

Marc Kimmich ( born 21 January 1983 ) is a former professional tennis player from Australia . Kimmich was born in West Germany , but moved to Australia when he was five . He received a wildcard entry into the 2005 Australian Open and played Mariano Zabaleta in the first round , losing in four sets . In the men 's doubles he and partner Adam Feeney lost in the opening round to the Russian pairing of Igor Andreev and Nikolay Davydenko . In the 2006 Australian Open , Kimmich was again given a wildcard , but he once more was n't able to progress to the second round , with 26th seed Jarkko Nieminen proving too strong . He was also eliminated in the first round of the mixed doubles with Lisa McShea .

Bobby Jack Oliver ( January 9 , 1936 - December 15 , 2012 ) was an American Canadian Football League defensive tackle . Graduating from Baylor University , Oliver was a second round pick of the Chicago Cardinals in the 1958 NFL Draft . He chose to play in the CFL , starting a 3-year stint with the Toronto Argonauts in 1958 . He intercepted 2 passes for the Double Blue and in 1961 was traded to the Montreal Alouettes , along with Paul Fedor and linebacker Ron Brewer , for defensive end Doug McNichol and tackle Billy Shipp . Oliver enjoyed his greatest success as a Lark , being named an all - star in 1961 and 1962 , and winning the Jeff Russel Memorial Trophy as the CFL East MVP . He added kicking to his repertoire , scoring 103 points and punting 22 times . In 1964 , he was traded to the Hamilton Tiger - Cats , where he played 2 games ; his contract was promptly sold to the Edmonton Eskimos , where he finished the season and his career . Oliver married Elizabeth Ann " Betty " Trentham on June 4 , 1954 ; settled in Texas , they have two grown children and one deceased .

Vera Ilyinichna Matveyeva ( , 1945 - 1976 ) was a Russian poet and singer - songwriter . Matveyeva was born in Kuybyshevka - Vostochnaya in the east of Russia on 23 October 1945 . Her father was a military officer , and the family moved along the country , settling in the 1950s in Khimki near Moscow . She graduated from high school in 1963 , starting occasional jobs and travelling around Russia . In 1965 , Matveyeva enrolled in Moscow Institute of Construction Engineering , graduating in 1970 . In 1970 , she was diagnosed with brain cancer , from which she died in 1976 in Khimki . She started to write songs , both music and lyrics , in the 1960s . She also performed them , playing guitar and singing . Most of her records date between 1965 and 1973 . At the time , the author song was popular in the Soviet Union . Matveyeva was close to Viktor Luferov , Vladimir Berezhkov , and Alexander Mirzayan , they often performed together . It was noted , however , that since she has written many of her songs where she was already terminally ill , they are different from the mainstream Soviet author song and are characterized by a greater openness . No records of Matveyeva were released in her lifetime . The first album was out in 1978 .

Hans Raj Khanna ( 3 July 1912 – 25 February 2008 ) was an advocate , jurist and judge . He entered the Indian judiciary in 1952 and subsequently was elevated as a judge to the Supreme Court of India in 1971 where he continued till his resignation in 1977 . Two of his judgements form the basis of modern constitutional law in India , even decades after those were delivered . He is noted for his minority judgement in the highly publicized Habeas Corpus case during the Indian Emergency , in which the remaining four judges of the bench , Chief Justice A. N. Ray , Justice M. H. Beg , Justice Y. V. Chandrachud and Justice P. N. Bhagwati , agreed with the governmental view that even the fundamental rights enshrined in the Constitution of India like the right to life stood abrogated during the period of national emergency . Khanna 's judgement was the only dissenting vote , and his opinion , claiming that the Constitution could not possibly intend to make the fundamental rights to life and liberty to be subjected to executive decree for these are inalienable to one 's life and dignified existence , is widely extolled as a show of judicial valor in defending the fundamental rights to life and liberty in the Indian democracy . In January 1977 , after delivering the Habeas Corpus judgement , he was superseded for the post of Chief Justice by Justice M. H. Beg at the behest of the then Prime Minister of India Indira Gandhi , despite being the senior - most judge in the Supreme Court and as a result of this , he promptly resigned from the court . Khanna had previously authored the basic structure doctrine of the Constitution of India in Kesavananda Bharati v. State of Kerala , which curtailed Parliament 's seemingly unfettered amending power under article 368 , restricting its scope of amendment in areas which were part of the Constitution 's " basic structure " . After resigning from the Supreme Court on getting superseded by Justice M. H. Beg to the office of the Chief Justice of India , he served as the central minister of law and justice for a very short period and was later made a combined opposition - sponsored candidate for election as President in 1982 , losing to Zail Singh . In 1999 , he was awarded the Padma Vibhushan , the second highest civilian honour given by the Government of India .

The Young Ones is a video game based on the British comedy television series , The Young Ones . The game takes place in the students ' home . The player can choose to play as either Vyvyan , Rick , Neil , or Mike to explore the house and enter different rooms . The other characters become computer - controlled players . All characters can move around the house , pick up and drop objects , as well as break and fix things . The characters often talk , giving the player clues as to what the character is intended to do . The aim of the game is to try and move out of the house with all the character 's belongings in the shortest time possible . This is not so easy , because these possessions are typically not in their preferred condition , or are hidden around the house , and players need various tools to get to them . The other characters will move around the house , behaving in - character , occasionally moving around or further damaging the possessions - making the task harder . The game was published by Orpheus Software , based in Hatley St George in Bedfordshire , UK . The concept of the game was created by Orpheus director Paul Kaufman ( previously director of Oric software house , Tansoft ) . The majority of the game was programmed by John Marshall , with input from Geoff Phillips . The characters of The Young Ones were licensed from the owners of the BBC television series , Ben Elton , Rik Mayall , and Lise Mayer . Due to difficulty in licensing the original series music from the BBC , an alternative music sound track was commissioned to sound similar to the original theme . Over 10,000 copies of the game were sold , mainly through Boots stores , Woolworths and independent computer stores .

The Wigram Baronetcy , of Walthamstow House in the County of Essex , is a title in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom . It was created on 30 October 1805 for Robert Wigram . He was a successful merchant and also represented Fowey and Wexford Borough in the House of Commons . The second Baronet also represented Wexford Borough in Parliament . He assumed in 1832 by Royal licence the surname of Fitzwygram . The fourth Baronet was a Lieutenant - General in the army and sat as a Conservative Member of Parliament for South Hampshire and Fareham . Sir Joseph Wigram , James Wigram , Joseph Cotton Wigram , Loftus Wigram and George Wigram , younger sons of the first Baronet , all gained distinction . Civil servant and diplomat Ralph Wigram was the grandson of Joseph Cotton Wigram . Clive Wigram , 1st Baron Wigram , was the grandson of Reverend William Pitt Wigram , ninth and youngest son of the first Baronet .

WCBS - FM ( 101.1 FM ) is a radio station offering a classic hits format licensed to New York City and is owned and operated by Entercom . The station 's studios are in the combined Entercom facility in the Hudson Square neighborhood of Manhattan , and its transmitter is located at the Empire State Building . The station is the home of the Scott Shannon in the Morning show . WCBS - FM was one of the first notable oldies stations in the country , with the format dating back to July 7 , 1972 . Between June 3 , 2005 , and July 12 , 2007 , the station aired the automated adult hits format " Jack FM " . The new programming was unsuccessful , and WCBS - FM switched back to a personality - driven classic hits format . The station is continually ranked one of the highest - rated stations in the New York market , as well as one of the highest - rated classic hits stations in the United States .

Malaysians in the United Kingdom are British citizens who have full or partial Malaysian origin or descent and Malaysian citizens residing in the United Kingdom . The 2001 UK Census recorded 49,886 Malaysian - born people . The 2011 census recorded 62,396 people born in Malaysia living in England , 2,117 in Wales , 4,721 in Scotland and 705 in Northern Ireland . The largest concentrations of Malaysian - born residents were recorded in Greater London ( 21,209 people ) and South East England ( 11,331 ) . The Office for National Statistics estimates that 75,000 Malaysian - born immigrants were resident in the UK in 2017 . In December 2008 , it was reported that over 30,000 Malaysians who entered the UK temporarily had overstayed their visas . In 2013 , there were 14,500 Malaysians studying in the tertiary level in the United Kingdom , making Malaysians the one of the largest overseas student group in the United Kingdom and making the United Kingdom the country with the 2nd most number of Malaysian students .

Boom Blox Bash Party , Boom Blox Smash Party in non - English territories , is a physics - based puzzle video game developed by EA Los Angeles and Amblin Entertainment and published by Electronic Arts for the Wii video game console . It is a sequel to Boom Blox , and was released on 19 May 2009 in North America and in Europe on 29 May 2009 . The game features more than 400 levels , and players are able to download new levels and upload their own custom - created levels to share online . Its development began after the completion of its predecessor , and it was formally announced on 28 January 2009 . As with the original game , this sequel was also designed by film director Steven Spielberg . The gameplay of Boom Blox Bash Party resembles the original 's , but features new mechanics . It also has less emphasis on the shooting mode , which the developers commented was their least favorite mode of play in Boom Blox . It was created as part of a deal between Electronic Arts and Steven Spielberg to make three original properties , though it does not count as one of the three original properties . As of April 2012 , EA has shut down the online servers , meaning players can no longer upload and download user created games .

Kristian Matsson ( born 30 April 1983 ) is a singer - songwriter from Dalarna , Sweden , who performs under the stage name of The Tallest Man on Earth . Matsson grew up in Leksand , and began his solo career in 2006 , having previously been the lead singer of the indie band Montezumas . His music has often drawn comparisons to the music of Bob Dylan . Since 2006 , Matsson has released four full - length albums and two EPs . He records and produces these in his home , and usually records his voice and guitar together on one track . He is known both by critics and his fans for his charismatic stage presence . He was previously married to Amanda Bergman , also known by the stage name Idiot Wind . Together , they wrote the music for the Swedish drama film Once a Year .

West Sister Island is an island of the U.S. state of Ohio located in the Western Basin of Lake Erie . The island , jointly owned by the United States Coast Guard and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service , is Ohio 's only designated Wilderness Area , the West Sister Island National Wildlife Refuge . Most of the island is covered with trees . Tall hackberry trees make up most of the canopy , with poison ivy on the ground . Polygonatum and a great variety of ferns , wildflowers , mushrooms , and other plant life can also be found . The island is part of the Pelee Archipelago which also includes East Sister Island and Middle Sister Island ( both in Ontario , Canada ) . West Sister Island is roughly 13 miles west of Rattlesnake Island , 14.5 miles east of Turtle Island , and 8.75 miles due north of the Ohio mainland .

The Bang Bang Club was a group of four conflict photographers active within the townships of South Africa between 1990 and 1994 , during the transition from the apartheid system to democracy . This period included much factional violence , particularly fighting between ANC and IFP supporters , after the lifting of the bans on both political parties . The Afrikaner Weerstandsbeweging and other groups were also involved in the violence . Kevin Carter , Greg Marinovich , Ken Oosterbroek , and João Silva were the four associated with the name . Many photographers , photojournalists , ( such as James Nachtwey and Gary Bernard ) and television news crews reported also at this time the violence in the townships . A movie about the group , directed by Steven Silver premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival in 2010 .

Ger or Gur ( or Gerrer when used as an adjective ) is a Hasidic dynasty originating from Góra Kalwaria ( ) , a small town in Poland . The founder of the dynasty was Rabbi Yitzchak Meir Alter ( 1798 – 1866 ) , known as the Chiddushei HaRim after his primary scholarly work by that title . Before the Holocaust , followers of Ger were estimated to number in excess of 100,000 , making it the largest and most influential Hasidic groups in Poland . Today , the movement is based in Jerusalem , and its membership is estimated at 13,000 families , most of whom live in Israel , making Ger the largest Hasidic dynasty in Israel . However , there are also well - established Ger communities in Brooklyn , New York , and London , UK ; and minor Ger communities in Toronto , Ontario , Canada , and Los Angeles , California .

The Alliance ( ) , formerly the Alliance for Sweden ( Allians för Sverige ) , is a centre - right liberal conservative political alliance in Sweden . The Alliance consists of the four centre - right political parties in the Riksdag . The Alliance was formed while in opposition , and later achieved a majority government in the 2006 general election and a minority government in the 2010 general election , governing Sweden from 2006 to 2014 with Fredrik Reinfeldt of the Moderate Party serving as Prime Minister of Sweden until the 2014 general election . The Alliance is co - chaired by every component party 's individual leaders . After defeat in 2014 , the Moderate Party 's parliamentary group leader Anna Kinberg Batra announced to the Riksdag that the political alliance now " will operate in opposition " .

Strathcona is a residential neighbourhood in south central Edmonton , Alberta , Canada . It is a part of , and should not be confused with , Old Strathcona , although much of the Strathcona neighbourhood is in Old Strathcona . The neighbourhood overlooks both the North Saskatchewan River and the Mill Creek Ravine . According to the neighbourhood description in the City of Edmonton Map utility , The neighbourhood of Strathcona is bounded on the south by Whyte Avenue , on the north by Saskatchewan Drive , on the west by 107 Street , and on the east by Mill Creek Ravine . Its central location provides good access to downtown Edmonton , Whyte Avenue , the Queen Elizabeth Pool , and other areas of the city . The community is represented by the Strathcona Community League , established in 1918 , which maintains a community hall , outdoor rink and tennis courts located at 101 Street and 87 Avenue .

Feldwebel ( Fw or F ) , literally " field usher " , is a non - commissioned officer ( NCO ) rank in several countries . The rank originated in Germany , and is also used in Switzerland , Finland , Sweden , and Estonia . The rank has also been used in Russia , Austria - Hungary , and Bulgaria . Feldwebel is a contraction of feld meaning " field " and weibel , an archaic word meaning " usher " . Weibel comes from the Old High German weibôn , meaning to go back and forth . There are variations on feldwebel , such as Oberstabsfeldwebel ( " Superior Staff Field Usher " ) , which is the highest non - commissioned rank in the German army and air force .

The Korea Vision Party ( , Gungmin Saenggak , " National Thought " ) , more commonly known as the K Party , is a center - rightist political party in South Korea . It was founded on 12 February 2012 by Park Se - il , president of the Hansun Foundation , a conservative think tank . There are concerns that the K Party will split the conservative vote , though Park Se - il met with Saenuri leader Park Geun - hye on 23 February , with Park Geun - hye commenting that " If a party holds the same values and orientation , we are open to partnering " . The party aims to field over 200 candidates in the April elections , favoring the selection of women and younger politicians . In an opinion poll conducted on 24–25 February 2012 , the K Party received a support level of 1.4 % , out - ranking the more established New Progressive Party . Analysts have nonetheless raised questions over the ability of the party to secure seats , even if sitting Assembly members do defect . The party has attempted to court defecting members of the larger Saenuri Party in the run - up to the 2012 Assembly elections , with a particular focus on loyalists of Lee Myung - bak who have been alienated by the rise of Park Geun - hye . Commentators have speculated that pro - Lee lawmakers such as Lee Jae - oh may defect to the K Party en masse , and on March 9 , 2012 , the former Saenuri Party politician Jeon Yeo - ok defected to the K Party and became its first lawmaker .

Lee Tim - sing ( born 1949 ) is a Hong Kong television producer , director and writer . After graduating from Harvard University , Lee joined Television Broadcasts Limited ( TVB ) in 1969 as a set decorator . He became a director in 1975 and was promoted to a producer a few years later . Lee was also known for making cameo appearances in several television productions , including a guest appearance in an episode of the variety program Enjoy Yourself Tonight as " Street - sweeper Mau " , a role for which he later became known . In the early 1980s and late 1990s , Lee achieved great success in the genres of wuxia and action thrillers . Many of Lee 's television productions also contributed to the popularity of rising actors of their time , such as Chow Yun - fat , Carol Cheng , Felix Wong , Andy Lau , Tony Leung and , recently , Wayne Lai . Most of Lee 's works are produced by TVB .

Recharge is a business news website and bi - monthly magazine covering the global renewable energy industry , particularly wind and solar power . It is owned by Norway 's NHST Media Group , but headquartered in London , with full - time editorial staff in the US , UK , Brazil , and Germany . Recharge has been described as " one of the most authoritative publications in the renewable energy sector " , and as " a role model for the future of trade journalism " by German industrial giant Siemens . Its breaking stories have been picked up by major international news organizations , including the BBC , The Washington Post and Denmark 's Dagbladet Børsen . Recharge was first established in January 2009 as a weekly newspaper , before becoming a monthly glossy magazine in January 2013 . It also produces Daily newspapers at industry trade events including the European Wind Energy Association 's ( how WindEurope 's ) annual conference and exhibition and biannual offshore iteration , as well as for the American Wind Energy Association 's annual expo .

Renzo Andrés Reggiardo Barreto ( born in Lima , 1 July 1972 ) is a Peruvian politician ( Cambio 90 ) and a Congressman representing Lima . Renzo Reggiardo is the son of the Italo - Peruvian , executive fujimorist politician Andrés Reggiardo . He joined his father 's party Cambio 90 and served as National secretary of its youth branch from 2006 to 2010 . In 2006 , Reggiardo was elected to the Congress for the 2006 - 2011 term on the fujimorist Alliance for the Future list . In May 2010 , he ascended to the post of National secretary of the party . When the ex - president 's daughter Keiko Fujimori decided to form a new party , Fuerza 2011 , to promote her presidential candidacy in 2011 , Reggiardo did not follow . Instead , he added what was left of Cambio 90 to the National Solidarity Alliance and endorsed Luis Castañeda for presidency . In the congressional vote , Reggiardo was re - elected . Instead of joining with the rest of the representatives elected on the alliance 's lists , Reggiardo now sits on the Parliamentary Coordination bench , together with Aprista Party 's lawmakers .

" ( We 've Got ) Honey Love " is a 1967 song by Motown girl group The Velvelettes that later became a 1969 single released by another Motown girl group Martha and the Vandellas from their album " Ridin ' High " released in 1968 . The song returned the Vandellas to the top forty of Billboard 's R&B ; singles chart where it peaked at number twenty - seven while it hit the Billboard Hot 100 peaking at number fifty - seven . It was the group 's sixth record where they were listed as Martha Reeves and the Vandellas following the successful " Honey Chile " single two years earlier . The song talked of how one woman 's lover 's charm was like " sugar and spice " adding names of candy and soda adding " a little bit of me , a little bit of you and we 've got honey love . " The Velvelettes , meanwhile , had recorded two versions of the song ( one led by the group 's lead singer , Carolyn ' Cal ' Gill , the other is a rear lead for then group member - and future Vandella - Sandra Tilley ) , both of which would go unreleased for almost 40 years . All three versions were written by Richard Morris and Sylvia Moy , and produced by Morris ( with Moy co - producing the version by The Velvelettes ) .

Sandra is a female name , which is often used as a short form for Alexandra or Cassandra . Alexandra is a feminine form of the male name Alexander , which is a romanization of the Greek name Ἀλέξανδρος Alexandros . It is generally interpreted to mean " protector of man " or " defender of man " . The name Cassandra is also from the Greek (: " she who entangles men " ) . Cassandra is known in Greek mythology , as the daughter of King Priam and Queen Hecuba of Troy . She was loved by Apollo and given the gift of prophecy but when she did not fall in love with him , he placed a curse on her so that no one would believe her predictions .

Anthony Newley ( 24 September 1931 – 14 April 1999 ) was an English actor , singer and songwriter . Newley achieved success as a performer in such diverse fields as rock and roll and stage and screen acting . As a recording artist he enjoyed a dozen Top 40 entries on the UK Singles Chart between 1959 and 1962 , including two number one hits . With songwriting partner Leslie Bricusse , Newley penned " Feeling Good " , which was popularised by Nina Simone and covered by many other popular artists ; as well as the title song of 1964 film Goldfinger ( along with John Barry ) . Bricusse and Newley received an Academy Award nomination for the film score of Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory ( 1971 ) . The Guinness Book of British Hit Singles & Albums described Newley as " among the most innovative UK acts of the early rock years before moving into musicals and cabaret " . Newley was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 1989 .

Sporhase v. Nebraska ex rel . Douglas , 458 U.S. 941 ( 1982 ) , was a case in which the United States Supreme Court decided that a Nebraska statute forbidding commercial exportation of water from Nebraska was unconstitutional in that it violated the dormant commerce clause . The boundary between the states of Nebraska and Colorado passed through a farm owned by Sporhase . He drilled a well in Nebraska and used the water to irrigate his land on both sides of the boundary . Under the 11th Amendment , he could not sue the state of Nebraska in a federal district court ; consequently his suit had to proceed in the state courts in Nebraska until he petitioned the United States Supreme Court to review it .

David Doubilet ( born November 28 , 1946 ) is a well known underwater photographer known primarily for his work published in National Geographic Magazine where he is a contributing photographer and has been an author for 70 feature articles since 1971 . He was born in New York City and started taking photos underwater at the young age of 12 . He started with a Brownie Hawkeye in a rubber anesthesiologist 's bag to keep the water out of the camera . He lived with his family in New York City and spent summers in Elberon New Jersey exploring the Atlantic . He later worked as a diver and photographer for the Sandy Hook Marine Laboratories in New Jersey and spent much of his youth in the Caribbean as a teenage dive instructor in the Bahamas where he found his motivation to capture the beauty of the sea and everything in it .

Greatest Hits is the first compilation album by Haitian rapper Wyclef Jean , released on October 7 , 2003 . Released just a month prior to his fourth studio album , The Preacher 's Son , Greatest Hits contains singles taken from Jean 's first three studio albums : The Carnival , and Masquerade , as well as other fan - favourite tracks from those albums , alongside two - newly recorded tracks : " Ghetto Religion " , a collaboration with R. Kelly , and " Hey Girl " . The album also contains " No Woman , No Cry " , a track taken from The Fugees ' second studio album , The Score . Notably , Greatest Hits would be Jean 's last release on Columbia Records until in 2007 . A deluxe edition of the album , released in the UK and Australia , contains a bonus disc with remixes of some of Wyclef 's biggest hits , including collaborations with Canibus , R. Kelly , Xzibit , King Yellowman and Beenie Man . Although no singles were officially released from the album , " Ghetto Religion " was serviced as a US - radio only airplay single in September 2003 . Notably , " Pussycat " , which samples the original by Tom Jones , is the only single from the first three albums to omitted from the tracklisting . The US edition of the album removes a number of notable singles , and shortens the tracklisting by four tracks . " Diallo " and " Something About Mary " from are included on this version .

Johan Erhard Areschoug ( Johannes Erhard Areschoug , Philos . Doctor , Botanices et Oeconomiae ) ( 16 September 1811 – 7 May 1887 ) was a Swedish botanist who was a native of Göteborg . He was a member of the ( in Swedish ) . His first name is sometimes recorded as " John " . He studied natural sciences at the University of Lund , where in 1838 he earned his doctorate in philosophy . In 1859 he succeeded Elias Magnus Fries ( 1794 - 1878 ) as professor of botany at the University of Uppsala , a position he maintained until 1876 . In 1851 , he was elected a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences . Areschoug performed extensive field studies of Scandinavian cryptogams , being remembered for his work in the field of phycology . The red algae genus Areschougia from the family Areschougiaceae is named in his honor . This botanist is denoted by the author abbreviation Aresch . when citing a botanical name .

The Book of Abraham is an 1835 work produced by the Latter Day Saints ( LDS ) movement founder Joseph Smith that he said was based on Egyptian papyri purchased from a traveling mummy exhibition . According to Smith , the book was " a translation of some ancient records ... purporting to be the writings of Abraham , while he was in Egypt , called the Book of Abraham , written by his own hand , upon papyrus " . The work was first published in 1842 and today is a canonical part of the Pearl of Great Price . Since its printing , the Book of Abraham has been a source of controversy . Non - LDS Egyptologists , beginning in the late-19th century , have heavily criticized Joseph Smith 's explanations of the facsimiles , with many stating that his interpretations are entirely inaccurate . They have also asserted that damaged portions of the papyri have been reconstructed incorrectly . The controversy intensified in the late 1960s when portions of the Joseph Smith Papyri were located . Translations of the papyri revealed the rediscovered portions bore no relation to the Book of Abraham text . LDS apologist Hugh Nibley and Brigham Young University Egyptologists John L. Gee and Michael D. Rhodes subsequently offered detailed rebuttals to some criticisms . University of Chicago Egyptologist Robert K. Ritner concluded in 2014 that the source of the Book of Abraham " is the ' Breathing Permit of Hôr , ' misunderstood and mistranslated by Joseph Smith . " He later said the Book of Abraham is now " confirmed as a perhaps well - meaning , but erroneous invention by Joseph Smith , " and " despite its inauthenticity as a genuine historical narrative , the Book of Abraham remains a valuable witness to early American religious history and to the recourse to ancient texts as sources of modern religious faith and speculation . "

" Vital Signs " is a song by progressive rock trio Rush from their album Moving Pictures . The lyrics of the song are about individuality and the pressures of conforming . The song is heavily influenced by reggae ( in the guitar riff ) as well as progressive electronica ( in its use of sequencers ) and the music of The Police . These influences would carry on into their next three studio albums : Signals , Grace Under Pressure , and Power Windows . The song was released as the final single from the Moving Pictures album . Also , a live version of " Vital Signs " appeared as the B - side to Rush 's " New World Man " single in 1982 ( Mercury # 76179 , US edition ) . It has appeared in Rush 's set lists as recently as the 2010 - 2011 Time Machine Tour ( documented on ) , during which Moving Pictures was played in its entirety . It is also noted for being played during the encore of the Grace Under Pressure Tour ( documented on the Grace Under Pressure Tour Live album and video ) .

Letters from the Earth is a posthumously published work of celebrated American author Mark Twain ( 1835 – 1910 ) collated by Bernard DeVoto . It comprises essays written during a difficult time in Twain 's life ( 1904 – 09 ) , when he was deeply in debt and had recently lost his wife and one of his daughters . The content concerns morality and religion and strikes a sarcastic — Twain 's own term throughout the book — tone . Initially , another of his daughters , Clara Clemens , objected to its publication in March 1939 , probably because of its controversial and iconoclastic views on religion , claiming it presented a " distorted " view of her father . Henry Nash Smith helped change her position in 1960 . Clara explained her change of heart in 1962 saying that " Mark Twain belonged to the world " and that public opinion had become more tolerant . She was also influenced to release the papers by her annoyance with Soviet reports that her father 's ideas were being suppressed in the United States . The papers were selected , edited and sequenced for the book in 1939 by Bernard DeVoto .

Louis - Arsène Lavallée ( 2 February 1861 at Berthier - en - Haut , Province of Canada – 19 November 1936 at Montreal ) was a Mayor of Montreal , Canada . His education was first at the Collège de Joliette , then at Université Laval 's Montreal campus for law studies ( which is today the Université de Montréal ) . He was formally installed as a lawyer in 1884 . Lavallée worked with Hormidas Laporte to create the Alliance Nationale insurance company in 1892 . After an unsuccessful campaign at the St. James riding in the 1896 federal election , Lavallée became a Montreal local councillor , since 1900 for the Saint - Jacques ward then in 1904 at La Fontaine ward . In 1912 , he was elected Mayor of Montreal and served that role until the 1914 election . During his local political career , Lavallée promoted consolidation and amalgamation of municipalities towards a larger Montreal government and saw annexation of municipalities such as Côte - des - Neiges during that time .

The University of Manitoba ( U of M , UMN , or UMB ) is a public university in the province of Manitoba , Canada . Located in Winnipeg and founded in 1877 , it was Western Canada 's first university . The university maintains a reputation as a top research - intensive post - secondary educational institution and conducts more research annually than any other university in the region . It is the largest university both by total student enrollment and campus area in the province of Manitoba , and the 17th largest in all of Canada . The university 's raised admissions standards , wide array of professional disciplines , and global outreach have resulted in one of the most diverse student bodies in Western Canada . The campus includes both Faculties of Law and Medicine , and boasts hundreds of degree programs . , there have been 98 Rhodes Scholars from the University of Manitoba , more than from any other university in Western Canada .

Chariot is a co - op platform game for the PlayStation 4 , PlayStation 3 , Xbox One , Wii U and Microsoft Windows developed and published by Frima Studio , with the participation of the Canada Media Fund . It was first released on September 30 , 2014 and was launched on Xbox One the next day as part of the Xbox Live Games with Gold program . An enhanced port entitled Super Chariot will be released for the Nintendo Switch in 2018 , and will include the Royal Gadget Pack DLC . Chariot differs from most traditional Platform game as the objective is to lug around an object , the Chariot , to the end of each level . To do so , the players have to use physics - based mechanics such as pushing and pulling , adding a layer of Puzzle to the game .

" Can You Keep a Secret ? " is a song by Hikaru Utada , released as her seventh Japanese - language single ( 9th overall ) on February 16 , 2001 . It was the theme song for a Japanese television drama called Hero , in which Utada had her acting debut , appearing in a cameo as a waitress . " Can You Keep a Secret ? " debuted at number one on the Oricon chart , selling 783,620 in its first week , and was her third single to be number one for two consecutive weeks . The single has sold 1,485,000 to date and became the number one single of 2001 in Japan . In the World Charts , " Can You Keep a Secret ? " reached number 37 for single airplay and number 9 for sales . The most recent figures ( May 26 , 2006 ) show that the single sold 1,484,940 units in total . It also remains one of Utada 's fan favorites . The music video for this song includes a robot whom Hikaru appears to be in a relationship with . Utada performed " Can You Keep a Secret ? " on her 2010 tour , .

Frederick Newton ( 1951 – 8 August 1986 ) was the head of the Dominica Defence Force ( DDF ) from its independence in 1978 until 1981 . He was executed in 1986 for organising an attempted coup d'état in 1981 that resulted in the death of a police officer . Newton was trained by the Guyana Defence Force . In January 1983 , Newton and five of his soldiers received death sentences by a Dominica court for organising and participating in the failed 1981 coup that was aimed at overthrowing Prime Minister Eugenia Charles . ( The coup attempt was unrelated to Operation Red Dog , which was organised by former prime minister Patrick John . ) The five soldiers ' sentences were eventually commuted to life imprisonment , but in 1986 , Newton became the first person to be executed by Dominica since its independence from the United Kingdom when he was hanged in Roseau . He is the only person to have been executed by Dominica as an independent state .

Not to be confused with Checkbook diplomacy . Dollar diplomacy of the United States — particularly during President William Howard Taft 's term— was a form of American foreign policy to further its aims in Latin America and East Asia through use of its economic power by guaranteeing loans made to foreign countries . Historian Thomas A. Bailey argues that dollar diplomacy was nothing new , as the use of diplomacy to promote commercial interest dates from the early years of the Republic . However , under Taft , the State Department was more active than ever in encouraging and supporting American bankers and industrialists in securing new opportunities abroad . Bailey finds that dollar diplomacy was designed to make both people in foreign lands and the American investors prosper . The term was originally coined by previous President Theodore Roosevelt , who did not want to intervene between Taft and Taft 's secretary of state . The concept is relevant to both Liberia , where American loans were given in 1913 , and Latin America . Latin Americans tend to use the term " dollar diplomacy " disparagingly to show their disapproval of the role that the U.S. government and U.S. corporations have played in using economic , diplomatic and military power to open up foreign markets ,

North of Pittsburgh is a Canadian comedy - drama film , directed by Richard Martin and released in 1992 . The film stars Jeff Schultz as Tony Andretti , an aimless slacker living in Pittsburgh who supports himself smuggling marijuana to Canada . After bungling a delivery and being forced to go on the run , he decides to take his estranged grandmother Rosa ( Viveca Lindfors ) on a quest to seek financial compensation for her husband 's death of black lung disease after a lifetime working as a coal miner . Martin 's father , comedian Dick Martin , also has a small role in the film as the president of the coal mining company . The film 's cast also includes John Cassini , Jay Brazeau , Robert Clothier and Babz Chula . The film was shot primarily in Vancouver , British Columbia , with some location shooting in Pittsburgh .

Gordon , or " Whipped Peter " ( fl . 1863 ) , was an enslaved African American who escaped from a Louisiana plantation in March 1863 , gaining freedom when he reached the Union camp near Baton Rouge . He became known as the subject of photographs documenting the extensive scarring of his back from whippings received in slavery . Abolitionists distributed these carte de visite photographs of Gordon throughout the United States and internationally to show the abuses of slavery . In July 1863 these images appeared in an article about Gordon published in Harper 's Weekly , the most widely read journal during the Civil War . The pictures of Gordon 's scourged back provided Northerners with visual evidence of brutal treatment of slaves and inspired many free blacks to enlist in the Union Army . Gordon joined the United States Colored Troops soon after their founding , and served as a soldier in the war .

Detlef Schrempf ( born 21 January 1963 ) is a German - American retired professional basketball player . He played college basketball for the Washington Huskies from 1981 to 1985 , and was drafted into the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) by the Dallas Mavericks in the first round of the 1985 NBA draft , with the eighth overall pick . He was an All - NBA Third Team member in 1995 , a three - time NBA All - Star and the NBA Sixth Man of the Year twice . Schrempf played in the NBA for sixteen seasons , including stints with the Indiana Pacers , the Seattle SuperSonics , and the Portland Trail Blazers . In 1996 , he reached the NBA Finals with the SuperSonics . He played for the West German , and later German , national team in the 1984 and 1992 Summer Olympics and the 1983 and 1985 EuroBasket championships .

Sun Meiyao ( simplified Chinese : 孙美瑶 ; traditional Chinese : 孫美搖 ; pinyin : Sūn Měiyáo ; 1898 - 19 December 1923 ) leader of the Shandong Autonomous Army ( 山東自治軍 : pinyin ; Shāndōng zìzhì jūn ) , also known as the Shandong Outlaws ( 山東響馬 ) , a group of bandits operating in Jiangsu , Anhui , and Shandong provinces in the early 1920s . He is most famous for leading his bandits in the seizure and robbery of the " Blue Express " train near the town of Lincheng on 6 May 1923 , and taking over 300 hostages , including 30 westerners . The incident , which became known as the Lincheng Outrage , embarrassed China 's fragile republican government , forcing it to respond to demands of western governments that it increase security along the country 's extensive rail network and pay compensation and indemnities to western hostages .

Ali Charaf Damache is a citizen of Algeria and Ireland who was the first suspected terrorist to be extradited to the USA during the Donald Trump presidency . He is alleged to have been the ringleader of a cell tasked with killing Lars Vilks , a Swedish artist , some Muslims accused of blasphemy for having drawn the Islamic prophet Muhammad in a cartoon . Although he was born in Algeria , he grew up in France . In 2009 , Damache married Jamie Paulin Ramirez , an American convert to Islam he met online , through a dating site for American Muslims . Ramirez would go by the nickname " Jihad Jamie " , and would eventually receive an 8-year sentence for playing a role in the plot to kill Vilks . Ramirez and Colleen LaRose , another American convert to Islam , traveled to Ireland to participate in the murder plot . Ramirez and Damache we d the day she arrived in Ireland . Both Ramirez and Damache were blonde , with blue eyes . Commentators would assert that Damache and his colleagues sought out blonde - haired , blue - eyed converts because , once radicalized , they would find it easy to cross borders without suspicion . Law enforcement officials in Ireland arrested Damache and six other individuals , in Ireland , in 2010 , after learning of the plot against Vilks . LaRose , who went by the nickname " Jihad Jane " , is reported to have tipped off authorities herself , after she grew disenchanted with Damache . While he had impressed her , online , she was disappointed after meeting him in person , and seeing he had trouble paying his bills . LaRose returned to the USA , where she pled guilty and received a ten - year sentence . Damache was only charged with sending a threatening text message . Ireland considered , and rejected , an extradition request from the USA . Spain arrested Damache , in December 2015 , at the request of the USA . The USA had charged Damache with trying to recruit others to terrorism , and leading the cell that included LaRose . The USA announced they had received Damache on July 21 , 2017 .

" Amor d'água fresca " ( " Fresh water love " ) was the Portuguese entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1992 , performed in Portuguese by Dina ( born Ondina Veloso ) . The song is a moderately up - tempo number , with Dina comparing her lover to a series of different fruits and his love to " fresh water " . Thus , she says that she " picked you , bit you and put you in the basket " and describes her lover 's " eyes of plum / And your blackberry mouth " . The song was performed eighth on the night , following Sweden 's Christer Björkman with " I morgon är en annan dag " and preceding Cyprus ' Evridiki with " Teriazoume " . At the close of voting , it had received 26 points , placing 17th in a field of 23 . It was succeeded as Portuguese representative at the 1993 contest by Anabela with " A cidade ( até ser dia ) " .

The crested serpent eagle ( Spilornis cheela ) is a medium - sized bird of prey that is found in forested habitats across tropical Asia . Within its widespread range across the Indian Subcontinent , Southeast Asia and East Asia , there are considerable variations and some authorities prefer to treat several of its subspecies as completely separate species . In the past , several species including the Philippine serpent eagle ( S. holospila ) , Andaman serpent eagle ( S. elgini ) and South Nicobar serpent eagle ( S. klossi ) were treated as subspecies of the Crested serpent eagle . All members within the species complex have a large looking head with long feathers on the back of the head giving them a maned and crested appearance . The face is bare and yellow joining up with the ceres while the powerful feet are unfeathered and heavily scaled . They fly over the forest canopy on broad wings and tail have wide white and black bars . They call often with a loud , piercing and familiar three or two - note call . They often feed on snakes , giving them their name and are placed along with the Circaetus snake - eagles in the subfamily Circaetinae .

The Bolivarian missions are a series of over thirty social programs implemented under the administration of former Venezuelan president Hugo Chávez and continued by Chávez 's successor , Nicolás Maduro . The programs focus on social justice , social welfare , anti - poverty , educational , and military recruiting . They draw their name from the historical South American hero , Simón Bolívar . Using increasing the oil prices of the early 2000s and funds not seen in Venezuela since the 1980s , Chávez created the " Bolivarian missions " in 2003 , which were initially short - term projects dedicated to alleviating the largest socioeconomic problems facing Venezuela at the time . After enjoying political success , Chavez made the missions his central priority for his administration , directly overseeing their operations and increasing funding during electoral campaigns . The most important missions created include Mission Robinson ( literacy ) , Mission Barrio Adentro ( free medical coverage ) , and Mission Mercal ( affordable food ) .

Joan Winifred Cribb (; born 1930 ) is an Australian botanist and mycologist . She was born in Brisbane , Queensland , the daughter of botanist Desmond Herbert . She graduated from the University of Queensland with a Bachelor of Science with Honours and a Master of Science . She married fellow botanist Alan Cribb in 1954 , and several years later joined him at the University of Queensland as a part - time lecturer and tutor . Cribb specialised in gasteroid fungi , describing twenty - one new species in that group , as well as fourteen new species of marine fungi . For over 45 years Joan Cribb travelled over Queensland discovering and recording gasteromycetes . She and her husband also investigated algae - inhabiting fungi found in marine habitats and have recorded occurrences of freshwater fungi in Queensland waterways . She was awarded the Australian Natural History Medallion in 1994 . The secotioid fungi genus Cribbea was named after her . Fungus species named after her include Hymenogaster cribbiae and Stephanospora cribbae .

The Inventions and Sinfonias , BWV 772–801 , also known as the Two- and Three - Part Inventions , are a collection of thirty short keyboard compositions by Johann Sebastian Bach ( 1685 – 1750 ) : 15 inventions , which are two - part contrapuntal pieces , and 15 sinfonias , which are three - part contrapuntal pieces . They were originally written as musical exercises for his students . Bach titled the collection : Forthright instruction , wherewith lovers of the clavier , especially those desirous of learning , are shown in a clear way not only 1 ) to learn to play two voices clearly , but also after further progress 2 ) to deal correctly and well with three obbligato parts , moreover at the same time to obtain not only good ideas , but also to carry them out well , but most of all to achieve a cantabile style of playing , and thereby to acquire a strong foretaste of composition . The two groups of pieces are both arranged in order of ascending key , each group covering eight major and seven minor keys . The inventions were composed in Köthen ; the sinfonias , on the other hand , were probably not finished until the beginning of the Leipzig period .

The Telegraph - Journal is a daily newspaper published in Saint John , New Brunswick , Canada . It serves as both a provincial daily and as a local newspaper for Saint John . The newspaper is published by Brunswick News , owned by the privately held J.D. Irving , of the Irving Group of Companies , with stakes in forestry , shipbuilding and consumer products . The Telegraph - Journal is the only New Brunswick - based newspaper to be distributed province - wide and has the highest readership in the province at a weekly circulation of 233,549 and a daily readership of over 75,000 . Brunswick News also publishes a series of editions of regional news , including editions in Fredericton and Moncton under the titles “ Daily Gleaner ” and “ Times & Transcript ” , respectively . Corporate and editorial control rests under Irving control with the Telegraph - Journal 's offices in Saint John .

The Public Execution of Mister Personality / Quasi Day Room : Live at the Moore Theatre is a 2006 double album by Boulder , Colorado - based avant - rock , experimental and folk jazz music group Hamster Theatre , led by Dave Willey . It was released in the United States by Cuneiform Records , and consists of a studio CD ( The Public Execution of Mister Personality ) and a live CD ( Quasi Day Room : Live at the Moore Theatre ) , the latter recorded at the 2002 Progman Cometh Festival in Seattle , Washington . The studio disc contains new material , while the live disc includes music from Hamster Theatre 's earlier albums , Carnival Detournement and Siege on Hamburger City , and Willey 's solo album , Songs from the Hamster Theatre . Both CDs were mixed and mastered by Bob Drake .

Vann Vannak was a popular actor in Cambodia during the late 1960s until 1975 . Despite his talents , producers usually favored casting his rivals Kong Som Oeurn or Chea Yuthorn in their movies . Due to their lack of support , Vann Vannak starred in considerably fewer films when compared to his rivals . Nevertheless , he was pivotal in movies such as Sovann Pancha , Neang Kakey , and Champa Meas all of which had Vichara Dany as the female lead . To increase his presence in the industry he created his own production company known as Pisnoka in 1970 which made eight films casting himself as the male lead in all of them . Details of his life are relatively unknown and he is believed to have died under the Khmer Rouge regime . Of all the films he has starred in , only Sovann Pancha is known to have survived and remained intact .

A private company limited by shares is a class of private limited company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales , Scotland , certain Commonwealth countries , and the Republic of Ireland . It has shareholders with limited liability and its shares may not be offered to the general public , unlike those of a public limited company ( plc ) . " Limited by shares " means that the liability of the shareholders to creditors of the company is limited to the capital originally invested , i.e. the nominal value of the shares and any premium paid in return for the issue of the shares by the company . A shareholder 's personal assets are thus protected in the event of the company 's insolvency , but any money invested in the company may be lost . A limited company may be " private " or " public " . A private limited company 's disclosure requirements are lighter , but its shares may not be offered to the general public and therefore can not be traded on a public stock exchange . This is the major difference between a private limited company and a public limited company . Most companies , particularly small companies , are private . Private companies limited by shares are usually required to have the suffix " Limited " ( often written " Ltd " or " Ltd. " ) or " Incorporated " ( " Inc. " ) as part of their name , though the latter can not be used in the UK or the Republic of Ireland . " Cyfyngedig " ( " Cyf . " ) may be used by Welsh companies in a similar fashion . In the Republic of Ireland " Teoranta " ( " Teo . " ) may be used instead , largely in Gaeltacht areas .

The Netherland - America Foundation supports bilateral exchange between the United States of America and the Netherlands . It was founded in 1921 . Two of the founders were Franklin D. Roosevelt , later the U.S. president , and Thomas Watson , founder of IBM . In 2004 The Netherlands - American Amity Trust was acquired by the foundation . The Foundation is currently ( 2009 ) under the patronage of members of the Royal Family of the Netherlands Princess Margriet of the Netherlands , and her husband Pieter van Vollenhoven . The aim of the Foundation is the support of exchange between the countries in education , performing and visual arts , sciences , business , and public policy . This results , for example , in the awarding of NAF / Fulbright Fellowships , and educational grants to support exhibitions , dance performances , visual arts , historic research and preservation , etc .

Sivas ( Latin and Greek : Sebastia , Sebastea , Sebasteia , Sebaste , Σεβάστεια , Σεβαστή ; ) is a city in central Turkey and the seat of Sivas Province . According to a 2011 estimate , its urban population is 425,297 . The city , which lies at an elevation of in the broad valley of the Kızılırmak river , is a moderately - sized trade center and industrial city , although the economy has traditionally been based on agriculture . Rail repair shops and a thriving manufacturing industry of rugs , bricks , cement , and cotton and woolen textiles form the mainstays of the city 's economy . The surrounding region is a cereal - producing area with large deposits of iron ore which are worked at Divriği . Sivas is also a communications hub for the north - south and east - west trade routes to Iraq and Iran , respectively . With the development of railways , the city gained new economic importance as junction of important rail lines linking the cities of Ankara , Kayseri , Samsun , and Erzurum . The city is linked by air to Istanbul . The popular name Sebastian derives from the Latin Sebastianus and Greek Sebastianòs , Σεβαστιανός , meaning someone from the city .

Cleft of the Rock Light is a privately owned lighthouse located on the Pacific coast of the U.S. state of Oregon , south of Yachats on Cape Perpetua . It was built in 1976 by former Tillamook Rock Light attendant and lighthouse historian James A. Gibbs who was active in preserving the lantern room of Smith Island Light . Cleft of the Rock Light is designed after Fiddle Reef Light , which operated from 1898 to 1958 in Oak Bay , British Columbia , a suburb of Victoria , British Columbia , Canada . The Cleft 's tower contains a stair railing from the original keeper 's dwelling at Yaquina Head Light . Other historic items include a stopwatch from Desdemona Sands Light , two brass oil cans from Tillamook Rock Light and Heceta Head Light , and a crank handle which wound the weights at Point Sur Light . It also has two fourth order Fresnel lenses . The Coast Guard made it an official navigational marker in 1979 . The lighthouse is part of Gibbs ' home , which also houses a private museum . The grounds and tower are closed to the public , however they are visible from U.S. Route 101 near mile marker 166 . It is just outside the northwest corner of the Cape Perpetua National Scenic Area . Gibbs died at home on 30 April 2010 . His daughter and son - in - law — who lived at the property for 27 years with Gibbs — intended to maintain the lighthouse as an official aid to navigation . The facility is still closed to the public . Cleft of the Rock is named after Fanny Crosby 's hymn He Hideth My Soul in the Cleft of the Rock , which is based .

Wandering As Water is Chris Brokaw 's second solo album , the follow - up to 2002 's Red Cities . Recorded by Paul Q. Kolderie on February 24 , 2003 at Camp Street , Cambridge , Massachusetts , Wandering As Water was released in mid-2003 by Return To Sender Records in Germany . The album was released in a digipak limited edition of 2,000 copies . Reviewing Wandering As Water , Pitchfork called it " [ o]ne of the most overlooked gems of the past year [ 2003 ] " , going on to assert that Brokaw 's " acuity with control and complexity creates a subtle , unspoken poetry . " Allmusic stated that although " [ t]he acoustic set - up works very well for Brokaw 's worn voice , [ ... ] some songs he chose actually suffer from being fleshed out . " " Shoot Me First " , " Recidivist " , and " German Song " were written and first recorded by Brokaw 's previous band , Come , whilst " Embryonic Journey " was composed by Jorma Kaukonen and originally performed by Jefferson Airplane . " Ba - Di - Da " was written by American folk singer - songwriter Fred Neil .

Shannon Elizabeth Fadal ( born ) , known professionally as Shannon Elizabeth , is an American actress and former fashion model . Elizabeth has appeared in comedy films such as American Pie , Scary Movie and Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back . She has also appeared in horror films such as Jack Frost , Thirteen Ghosts , Cursed , and Night of the Demons . She was described as a sex symbol for her role in the 1999 comedy film American Pie . She also had a cameo in the film Love Actually and in Catch a Christmas Star in which she sings for the first time on camera . She currently lives in Cape Town , South Africa and runs the non - profit animal rescue organization she co - started in 2001 , Animal Avengers .

Lloyd Morey ( January 15 , 1886 – September 29 , 1965 ) was an American educator and interim Illinois Auditor of Public Accounts ( 1956 – 1957 ) Born in Laddonia , Missouri , Morey went to the Gem City Business College in Quincy , Illinois . He then received his bachelor 's degrees in English and music from University of Illinois at Urbana – Champaign . He worked at the University of Illinois as a bookkeeper , comptroller and eventually became President of the University of Illinois System in 1954 retiring in 1955 . In July 1956 , the Governor of Illinois named Morey Illinois Auditor of Public Accounts and he served until January 1956 . Morey died in Champaign , Illinois of a heart attack on September 29 , 1965 .

" Fall Dog Bombs the Moon " is a song written by David Bowie in 2003 for his album Reality . According to Bowie himself at the time of the album release , " It came from reading an article about Kellogg Brown & Root , a subsidiary of Halliburton , the company that Dick Cheney used to run . Basically , Kellogg Brown & Root got the job of cleaning up Iraq . What tends to happen is that a thing like an issue or a policy manifests itself as a guide . It becomes a character of some kind , like the one in Fall Dog . There 's this guy saying , ' I 'm goddamn rich ' . You know , ' Throw anything you like at me , baby , because I 'm goddamn rich . It does n't bother me . ' . " Biographer Nicholas Pegg wrote his own interpretation of the song : " The key on this occasion is the fearful predicament of global politics at the time of the Reality sessions . The album was recorded during the preamble to , and the prosecution of , the Iraq War , and it 's impossible to hear lyrics like ' I do n't care much , I 'll win anyway ... /I'm goddamn rich , an exploding man / When I talk in the night , there 's oil on my hands ' without pondering their most obvious resonance . It would n't be particularly extravagant to surmise that the ' Moon ' of the title suggests the Crescent Moon of Islam , thereby narrowing down the candidates for ' Fall Dog ' fairly decisively . " Pegg concludes writing that the song cocks a " contemptuous at the increasing predilection of political parties to find ' someone to hate ' while jumping into bed with business corporations " and that dialogue with other Bowie 's songs like " Fantastic Voyage " , " Loving the Alien " and " I 'm Afraid of Americans " . " Fall Dog Bombs the Moon " is based on short melodic motives , the kind that seemed to permeate his previous album , Heathen . A live performance of the song , recorded in November 2003 during the A Reality Tour , is included on the A Reality Tour album , released in 2010 .

Linda Karen Reynolds , ( born 16 May 1965 ) is an Australian politician . She was elected to the Australian Senate representing the state of Western Australia at the 2013 federal election for the term which began 1 July 2014 . Reynolds was elected by being third on the Liberal Senate ticket but her place in the Senate was in doubt after the High Court ordered a fresh half - Senate election in Western Australia as a result of missing ballot papers . However , Reynolds was re - elected and her Senate term commenced on 1 July 2014 . Reynolds was the deputy director of the Federal Liberal Party of Australia , brigadier and adjutant general in the Australian Army Reserve and a chief of staff to Senator Chris Ellison . She was awarded the Conspicuous Service Cross in the 2011 Australia Day Honours for " outstanding achievement as the Director of Army Strategic Reform Program coordination " . She is a granddaughter of Alfred Reynolds , a former Labor Party member of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly .

Prince Frederick , Duke of York and Albany ( Frederick Augustus ; 16 August 1763 – 5 January 1827 ) was the second son of George III , King of the United Kingdom and Hanover , and his consort Charlotte of Mecklenburg - Strelitz . A soldier by profession , from 1764 to 1803 he was Prince - Bishop of Osnabrück in the Holy Roman Empire . From the death of his father in 1820 until his own death in 1827 he was the heir presumptive to his elder brother , George IV , in both the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and the Kingdom of Hanover . Frederick was thrust into the British Army at a very early age and was appointed to high command at the age of thirty , when he was given command of a notoriously ineffectual campaign during the War of the First Coalition , a continental war following the French Revolution . Later , as Commander - in - Chief during the Napoleonic Wars , he oversaw the reorganisation of the British Army , establishing vital structural , administrative and recruiting reforms for which he is credited with having done " more for the army than any one man has done for it in the whole of its history . "

Miss Little Havana is a studio album by Cuban - American recording artist Gloria Estefan . The singer 's first English - language album since 2003 's Unwrapped and her twenty - sixth overall , it was released on September 27 , 2011 on Crescent Moon Records , distributed by Verve Forecast and Universal Music Group . The project was largely conceived and produced by urban producer Pharrell Williams , while Estefan 's husband Emilio Estefan contributed another four tracks to the album . In the US , the album was released only through Target stores . The album debuted at number 28 on the Billboard 200 with 13,697 copies sold . As of October 20 , 2011 , the total soundscan is 21,522 copies . Preceding the album 's release , lead single " Wepa " was released for digital download in July 2011 , and reached the top of the Billboard Hot Dance Club Songs chart .

United Sound Systems is a recording studio and locally designated historic district in Detroit , Michigan , United States . Many popular music artists over the last seventy years have recorded there , including blues musicians like John Lee Hooker ( he recorded " Boogie Chillen ' " there ) , and funk bands like Funkadelic . The studio was also the site of the first recording for Berry Gordy 's Tamla label in 1959 , starting what would become Motown Records . The building is threatened by a planned highway service drive expansion by the Michigan Department of Transportation . The studio ownership changed in 2009 and eventually reopened in 2014 . It was designated a local historic district by the City of Detroit in 2015 . Others who have recorded at the studio include Johnnie Ray , Dizzy Gillespie , Jackie Wilson , Dan Schafer and Alberta Adams .

Script for a Jester 's Tear is the debut studio album by British neo - progressive rock band Marillion , released in the United Kingdom on 13 March 1983 by EMI Records . The album reached number seven and spent 31 weeks in the UK Albums Chart , eventually achieving a platinum certificate , and produced the Top 40 single " He Knows You Know " and the Top 20 single " Garden Party " . Script for a Jester 's Tear is the only studio album by Marillion to feature the band 's original drummer and founding member Mick Pointer , who was dismissed following the album 's UK tour . In Martin Popoff 's 2016 biography of Yes , the album is credited with being part of a " new wave " of British progressive rock which also helped to give a second life to earlier bands .

All I Want for Christmas Is a Real Good Tan is the first Christmas album by country music singer Kenny Chesney , released on October 7 , 2003 . The album was certified gold in the U.S. and has sold 922,900 copies in the United States as of December 2016 . In addition to original tracks and renditions of traditional Christmas music , the album features three covers . " Christmas in Dixie " was originally recorded by Alabama and features Alabama 's lead singer , Randy Owen , as a duet partner . " Thank God for Kids " was previously recorded by The Oak Ridge Boys ( and originally by Eddy Raven ) , while " Pretty Paper " was originally recorded by Willie Nelson . Chesney 's rendition of " Silent Night " features his mother and her twin sister , who are credited as the Grigsby Twins .

" Do n't Ask Me Why " is a 1989 song recorded by the British pop music duo Eurythmics . It was written by bandmembers Annie Lennox and David A. Stewart and produced by Stewart with Jimmy Iovine . The song was featured on Eurythmics ' album We Too Are One . The song was released as the second single from the album in the UK and the first in the United States . It is a lush pop song with melancholy and bitter lyrics which describe the ending of a love relationship . In it Lennox tells the subject " do n't ask me why / I do n't love you anymore / I do n't think I ever did " . The song 's music video , directed by Sophie Muller , features a performance by Eurythmics with various members of a backing band . Filmed in bright , saturated colors the finished clip drew comparisons to nightclub scenes in David Lynch 's film Blue Velvet . " Do n't Ask Me Why " peaked at number twenty - five in the UK singles chart and became Eurythmics ' last U.S. Billboard Hot 100 hit , peaking at number forty ( and twelve on the US Modern Rock Chart ) .

Conrad Indianapolis is a high - rise luxury hotel in Indianapolis , Indiana . It was completed in 2006 and has 23 floors . The building includes street level retail and 243 luxury hotel rooms with 18 residential condominiums . Conrad Hotels is the luxury brand of Hilton Hotels & Resorts , and the Conrad Indianapolis is one of four Conrad Hotels in the United States , the other three being located in Miami , Chicago and New York City . In 2007 and 2008 , Conde Nast Traveler ranked Conrad Indianapolis in the top 100 in the world , and Expedia Insiders’ 2009 Select list of the world 's best hotels named Conrad as number one in the United States . The Conrad Indianapolis is connected to the downtown skywalk system via the Indianapolis Artsgarden .

Hangzhou ( Mandarin : ; local dialect : /ɦɑŋ tseɪ/ ) formerly romanized as Hangchow , is the capital and most populous city of Zhejiang Province in East China . It sits at the head of Hangzhou Bay , which separates Shanghai and Ningbo . Hangzhou grew to prominence as the southern terminus of the Grand Canal and has been one of the most renowned and prosperous cities in China for much of the last millennium . The city 's West Lake , a UNESCO World Heritage Site immediately west of the city , is among its best - known attractions . Hangzhou is classified as a sub - provincial city and forms the core of the Hangzhou metropolitan area , the fourth - largest in China . During the 2010 Chinese census , the metropolitan area held 21.102 million people over an area of . Hangzhou prefecture had a registered population of 9,018,000 in 2015 . In September 2015 , Hangzhou was awarded the 2022 Asian Games . It will be the third Chinese city to play host to the Asian Games after Beijing 1990 and Guangzhou 2010 . Hangzhou , an emerging technology hub and home to the e - commerce giant Alibaba , also hosted the eleventh G-20 summit in 2016 .

The Istro - Romanian language ( Istro - Romanian : Rumârește ) is an Eastern Romance language , spoken in a few villages and hamlets in the peninsula of Istria in Croatia , as well as in diaspora , most notably in Italy , Sweden , Germany , Northern and Southern America , and Australia . While its speakers call themselves Rumeri , Rumeni , they are also known as Vlachs , Rumunski , Ćići and Ćiribiri . The last two , used by ethnic Croats , originated as a disparaging nickname for the language , rather than its speakers . Due to the fact that its speakers are estimated to be less than 500 ( the " smallest ethnic group in Europe " ) , it is listed among languages that are " seriously endangered " in the UNESCO Red Book of Endangered Languages . It is also considered by some Romanian scholars as a dialect of the Romanian language .

Dow v Black is a Canadian constitutional law court decision . It was one of the first major cases examining in detail the division of powers between the federal Parliament and the provincial Legislatures , set out in s. 91 and s. 92 of the Constitution Act , 1867 ( formerly known as the British North America Act , 1867 ) . The case was decided by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council , at that time the court of last resort for Canada within the British Empire , on appeal from the Supreme Court of New Brunswick . The case considered the constitutionality of a provincial statute which authorised the inhabitants of the parish of St. Stephen , New Brunswick to issue a debenture as an inducement to a railway company to build a railway connecting an 8-mile section from Debec , New Brunswick to the town of Houlton , Maine , in the United States . The Supreme Court of New Brunswick held that the statute was unconstitutional , since it intruded on the exclusive federal jurisdiction over inter - jurisdictional railways . The Judicial Committee allowed an appeal from the Supreme Court of New Brunswick and held that the legislation was within provincial jurisdiction as a matter of local taxation , coming under sections 92(2 ) and 92(16 ) of the Constitution Act , 1867 . The statute did not intrude on federal jurisdiction over inter - jurisdictional railways , under s. 91(29 ) and s. 92(10 ) of the Constitution Act , 1867 .

The Vilayet of Diyâr - ı Bekr ( , ) was a first - level administrative division ( vilayet ) of the Ottoman Empire , wholly located within what is now modern Turkey . The vilayet extended south from Palu on the Euphrates to Mardin and Nusaybin on the edge of the Mesopotamian plain . After the establishment of Republic of Turkey in 1923 , the region was incorporated into the newly created state . At the beginning of the 20th century , it reportedly had an area of , while the preliminary results of the first Ottoman census of 1885 ( published in 1908 ) gave the population as 471,462 . The accuracy of the population figures ranges from " approximate " to " merely conjectural " depending on the region from which they were gathered .

Vudu , Inc. is an American content delivery and media technology company responsible for Vudu - branded interactive media services and devices . Vudu distributes full - length movies over the Internet to televisions in the United States of America and Canada . It does this with a content delivery network that uses a hybrid peer - to - peer TV technology . Vudu was acquired by Walmart in March 2010 . Vudu began by only making its own set - top boxes ( the Vudu Box and the Vudu XL ) , but Vudu now primarily markets its software as a smart TV / connected TV platform and video on demand ( VoD ) distribution service to third - party consumer electronics devices . Vudu is also available via PlayStation 3 , PlayStation 4 , Xbox 360 , Xbox One , iPad , Android TV , Apple TV ( 4th gen and 4 K ) , TiVo Roamio , and Roku devices ( such as Roku 2 , Roku 3 , Roku 4 and Roku Stick ) , as well as most smartphones via the Vudu app ( Android and iOS ) which also supports Chromecast use . As of December 2011 , the Vudu app within the downloadable version of the Boxee media player is no longer supported , due to DRM and certification requirements .

Bovet Fleurier SA is a Swiss brand of luxury watchmakers chartered May 1 , 1822 in London , U.K. by Édouard Bovet . It is most noted for its pocket watches manufactured for the Chinese market in the 19th century . Today it produces high - end artistic watches ( priced between US$ 18,000 and $ 2.5 million ) with a style that references its history . The company is known for its high - quality dials ( such as the Fleurier Miniature Painting models ) , engraving , and its seven - day tourbillon . The original Bovet watches were also among the first to emphasize the beauty of their movements with skeletonized views and highly decorative movements . Bovet watches were also among the first to include a second hand while the company has a tradition of employing women artisans , which is rare for traditional watch making companies in Europe . Pascal Raffy is the current owner .

Gloppen is a municipality in the county of Sogn og Fjordane , Norway . It is located in the traditional district of Nordfjord . Gloppen is generally subdivided into three areas : Hyen in the west , Gloppen in the center , and Breim in the east . Each of the areas have their own main service centres . Sandane , the administrative centre of the municipality , is the largest with about 2,500 inhabitants . Sandane , Vereide , and Sørstranda are centered on the Gloppefjorden in Gloppen in the central part of the municipality . The villages of Byrkjelo , Re , Kandal , and Egge are centered on the lake Breimsvatnet in the Breim area in the east . The villages of Straume , Eimhjellen , and Solheim are located around the Hyefjorden in Hyen in the west . The whole municipality sits on the southern side of the large Nordfjorden . The European route E39 highway runs through the municipality before crossing the Nordfjorden on a car ferry . The Sandane Airport , Anda is located along the E39 highway , just north of Vereide . The municipality is the 105th largest by area out of the 422 municipalities in Norway . Gloppen is the 180th most populous municipality in Norway with a population of 5,783 . The municipality 's population density is and its population has increased by 1 % over the last decade .

The London Symphony Chorus ( abbreviated to LSC ) is a large symphonic concert choir based in London , UK , consisting of over 150 amateur singers , and is one of the major symphony choruses of the United Kingdom . It was formed in 1966 as the LSO Chorus to complement the work of the London Symphony Orchestra ( LSO ) . The LSC is today an independent self - run organisation governed by a council of nine elected representatives . It continues to maintain a close association with the LSO but also takes part in projects with other orchestras and organisations both in the UK and abroad . The LSC performs mainly with the LSO at the Barbican Centre in London as well as appearing at other concert venues around the UK and Europe and regularly at the Avery Fisher Hall , New York .

Traralgon ( ) is a city located in the east of the Latrobe Valley in the Gippsland region of Victoria , Australia . The urban population of Traralgon at the was 25,485 . It is the largest and fastest growing city in the greater Latrobe Valley area , which has a population of 74,170 at June 2016 and is administered by the City of Latrobe . The origin of the name Traralgon is uncertain . It is popularly believed to be derived from words from the Gunai language : tarra meaning " river " and algon meaning " little fish " . However , these words are not reflected in modern linguists ' knowledge of the Gunai language , where , for example , the word for river is wun wun or wurn wurn .

Alexander Alexandrovich Novikov (; – December 3 , 1976 ) was the Chief marshal of the aviation for the Soviet Air Force during Russia 's involvement in the Second World War . Lauded as " the man who has piloted the Red Air Force through the dark days into the present limelight " and a " master of tactical air power " , he was twice given the title of Hero of the Soviet Union , as well as a number of other Soviet decorations . A gifted air force commander and one of the leading men of the Soviet armed forces , Novikov was involved in nearly all exploits of the air force during World War II and was at the forefront of developments in command and control and of air combat techniques . After the war , Novikov was arrested by order of the Politburo , and was forced by NKVD chief Lavrentiy Beria into a " confession " which implicated Marshal Zhukov in a conspiracy . Novikov was then imprisoned until the death of Joseph Stalin in 1953 , whereupon he became an avionics teacher and writer until his death .

James Madison Porter ( January 6 , 1793 – November 11 , 1862 ) served as the 18th United States Secretary of War and was a founder of Lafayette College . Porter began his career studying law in 1809 and later became a clerk in the prothonotary 's office in an effort to manage a volunteer militia company at Fort Mifflin . Porter was admitted to the bar in 1813 and later appointed to attorney general for Northampton County , Pennsylvania . Throughout his life , Porter filled many roles . He was a professor of jurisprudence and political economy at Lafayette College ( 1837 - 1852 ) , a judge of the twelfth judicial district ( 1839 ) , ad interim Secretary of War under President John Tyler ( 1843 ) , and was elected as a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives in 1849 .

Ludmila Peterková ( born 16 September 1967 in Karlovy Vary , Czech Republic ) is a Czech clarinetist . From the age of 7 she started to play the recorder , but later switched to clarinet . From 1983 to 1988 she studied at Prague Conservatory ; since the age of 27 she has been working there as a professor . In the course of her studies she won a lot of musical competitions , e.g. Mozart Competition at Bertramka in Prague . During her university studies at the Academy of Performing Arts in Prague she cooperated mainly with chamber ensembles . From 1992 to 1993 she studied at the Conservatoire de Paris under Michel Arrignon . Her collaboration with Prague Philharmonia as a solo clarinetist lasted from 1994 to 1997 . Since 1998 she has devoted herself exclusively to chamber and solo performances . During her career she cooperated with a number of artists , including conductors Vladimir Ashkenazy , Jiří Bělohlávek , Gerd Albrecht , violinist Josef Suk , clarinetist Sharon Kam among others . She performs major parts of classic clarinet repertoire and has also made many recordings .

Kaesong ( ) is a city in North Hwanghae Province in the southern part of North Korea , a former Directly Governed City and the capital of Korea during the Taebong kingdom and subsequent Goryeo dynasty . The city is near the Kaesong Industrial Region close to the border with South Korea and contains the remains of the Manwoldae palace . Called Songdo while it was the ancient capital of Goryeo , the city prospered as a trade centre that produced Korean ginseng . Kaesong now functions as the DPRK 's light industry centre . During the Japanese occupation from 1910 to 1945 , the city was known by the Japanese pronunciation of its name , " Kaijō " . Between 1945 and 1950 , Kaesong was under South Korean control . The 1953 Korean Armistice Agreement left the city under North Korean control . It is the only city to have changed hands from South to North Korean control as a result of the armistice agreement . Due to the city 's proximity to the border with South Korea , Kaesong has hosted cross - border economic exchanges between the two countries as well as the jointly run Kaesong Industrial Region . As of 2009 , the city had a population of 192,578 .

Raymond Casimir ( born 28 October 1976 ) is a former Dominican cricketer who played for the Windward Islands in West Indian domestic cricket . He played as a left - arm orthodox bowler who batted left - handed . Casimir appeared for the Rest of Windward Islands team in the 2002–03 Red Stripe Bowl , where Saint Vincent and the Grenadines were competing as a separate team . His first - class debut for the Windwards came almost six years later , against Jamaica in the 2007–08 Carib Beer Cup . Casimir 's second and final match for the Windwards came the following season , against Trinidad and Tobago . He also represented Dominica in the 2008 edition of the Stanford 20/20 , playing against the British Virgin Islands and Barbados .

Louise Lear is a BBC Weather presenter , appearing on BBC News , BBC World News , BBC Red Button and BBC Radio . She is also a regular forecaster on the BBC News at Six and was previously a weekend presenter on BBC Breakfast . Lear graduated from Middlesex Polytechnic in 1988 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Music and Drama , where she developed her talents playing clarinet and piano . After a period as a researcher for Children 's BBC , she took the job of sports presenter for an independent radio production company , covering amongst other events the 1994 Winter Olympics in Lillehammer . Lear began her career as a weather presenter at Central Television in 1992 and then spent two years at LBC in London . She joined the UK Weather Channel at its launch in 1996 and took up her most recent post at the BBC in April 1998 . Lear has presented other BBC programmes , including Trading Up on BBC One . Lear was chosen to undertake the role as she and her husband have renovated four houses in London , including a cottage where they lived with their two young children . She has presented the weather forecast on the BBC One programme Countryfile .

Watchman Nee , or Ni Tuosheng (; November 4 , 1903 – May 30 , 1972 ) , was a Chinese church leader and Christian teacher who worked in China during the 20th century . In 1922 , he initiated church meetings in Fuzhou that may be considered the beginning of the local churches . During his thirty years of ministry , Nee published many books expounding the Bible . He established churches throughout China and held many conferences to train Bible students and church workers . Following the Communist Revolution , Nee was persecuted and imprisoned for his faith and spent the last twenty years of his life in prison . He was honored by Hon . Christopher H. Smith ( R – NJ ) in the US Congress on July 30 , 2009 .

Empress Dowager Zhang ( 張太后 , personal name unknown ) ( died 426 ) was an empress dowager of the Chinese dynasty Liu Song . She was the mother of Emperor Shao ( Liu Yifu ) and a concubine of Emperor Wu ( Liu Yu ) . In 406 , she gave birth to Liu Yifu , the oldest son of Liu Yu , who was then already a paramount general of Jin . She later also gave birth to a daughter , Liu Huiyuan ( 劉惠媛 , the later Princess Yixing ) . In 420 , after Liu Yu seized the throne from Emperor Gong of Jin and established Liu Song as its emperor , he created her an imperial consort , but not an empress , as she was not his wife . He created her son Liu Yifu as crown prince . After Emperor Wu died in 422 , Liu Yifu succeeded him as Emperor Shao , and Emperor Shao honored her as empress dowager . In 424 , Emperor Shao was deposed by officials that Emperor Wu had left in charge of the government , who believed that he was unfit to be emperor , and soon they killed him . They made his capable younger brother Liu Yilong , by a different mother , emperor ( as Emperor Wen ) instead . Initially , Empress Dowager Zhang returned her empress dowager seal and moved to Wu Commandery ( around present - day Suzhou , Jiangsu ) , where her son was exiled and killed . After Emperor Wen arrived in Jiankang and assumed the throne , he honored her as Princess Dowager of Yingyang ( as Emperor Shao carried the title Prince of Yingyang between his removal and his death ) . She died in 426 , after having seen her son 's killers largely killed by Emperor Wen earlier that year .

Founded during the summer of 2000 , the Planet of the Drums is the alliance of four of America 's most popular drum and bass DJ 's : AK1200 ( Dave Minner , Orlando , Florida ) , DJ Dara ( Darragh Guilfoyle , Brooklyn , New York ) , Dieselboy ( Damian Higgins , Brooklyn , New York ) , and MC Messinian ( James Fiorella , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) . The alliance was created to move drum and bass out of siderooms and onto the main stages of electronic dance music events . In fall 2009 the Planet of the Drums embarked on their Tenth Anniversary Tour . The Planet of the Drums is the longest - running annual national electronic dance music tour of any genre . In 2010 The Planet of the Drums switched to performing one - offs , the first played at U Street Music Hall in Washington , DC in December 2010 .

Pretty Rhythm All - Star Selection is an anime television series produced by Tatsunoko Production based on the Japanese arcade game of the same name by Takara Tomy . The story revolves a young girl named Laala Manaka , who desires to become an Idol . To further her debut the best , the three main protagonists from the previous Pretty Rhythm series : Aira Harune , Mia Ageha , and Naru Ayase give her lessons about how to be the best Idol . In addition to the lessons she 's learning , the series also retells the events of the previous Pretty Rhythm series . The successor series , PriPara showcases Laala as an Idol with two more idols named Mirei Minami and Sophy Hōjō . The series aired in Japan on TV Tokyo between April 5 , 2014 and June 14 , 2014 , replacing Pretty Rhythm : Rainbow Live in its initial timeslot .

The Adäka Cultural Festival ( ' Adäka ' or ' Festival ' ) is an annual multi - disciplinary arts and culture festival in Whitehorse , Yukon that celebrates First Nations arts and culture , with a specific focus on Yukon First Nations . ' Adäka ' , in the Southern Tutchone language , means ' coming into the light ' which reflects the Yukon First Nations arts and culture being brought forward to the public eye and celebrated by all . The Festival name was inspired by the work of Joe Johnson , the late father of Festival co - founder , Katie Johnson . Several years prior to the launch of Adäka , Joe had been involved in a conference of the same name . That conference brought the people of the Yukon together to identify areas of concern and exchange thoughts on heritage and culture in the Yukon . The conference aimed to initiate dialogue between the two main Yukon cultures so that everyone could " come into the light " together . The Adäka Cultural Festival has moved from an outdoor street location to the Kwanlin Dün Cultural Centre , ideally located beside the Yukon River in Whitehorse , Yukon . Since its launch in 2011 , Adäka has grown to include national and international artists coming from British Columbia , Alberta , Manitoba , Ontario , Quebec , Northwest Territories , Nunavut , United States , Greenland , and New Zealand . The Adäka Cultural Festival is hosted by the Yukon First Nations Culture and Tourism Association ( YFNCT ) . YFNCT is a not - for - profit organization " committed to growing , promoting and celebrating strong and sustainable Yukon First Nations arts , culture and tourism sectors . " The Festival office is located in the Yukon First Nations Culture and Tourism Association office in Whitehorse , Yukon .

Oregon County is a county located in the southern portion of the U.S. state of Missouri . As of the 2010 census , the population was 10,881 . Its county seat is Alton . The county was officially organized on February 14 , 1845 , and was named for the Oregon Territory in the northwestern United States . Home to a large area of the Mark Twain National Forest , Oregon County contains more national forest acreage than any county in the state of Missouri . It also contains the Irish Wilderness , the largest federally protected wilderness area in the state . Hiking , backpacking , and horseback riding opportunities abound on the Ozark Trail and the White 's Creek Trail . Canoeing , kayaking , jonboating , and fishing are popular on the Eleven Point River , which is Missouri 's only National Wild and Scenic River . Eleven Point State Park is under development east of Alton , Missouri that includes 6 miles of Eleven Point River frontage . Grand Gulf State Park is just west of Thayer that includes a collapsed karst canyon .

Kamal Khujandi ( ) , also Kamal Khojandi , Kamaleddin Khojandi , or Kamal - E Khojandi , was a Persian Sufi and Persian ghazal poet of the 14th century ( 8th century hijri ) . He was born in Khujand , today the capital of Sughd Province in Tajikistan . He lived in Tabriz and died in 1400 CE ( 807 AH ) . He is counted among the great romantic poets of the 14th century , like Amir Khosrow Dehlavi , Khwaju Kermani and Hafez . He was also a contemporary of Hafez . The modern Persian novelist and short story writer Sadegh Hedayat and his family trace their ancestry to Kamal Khojandi . Khojandi 's tomb is located in the Tomb of Two Kamals at Tabriz , Iran , beside the tomb of Kamaleddin Behzad . There is also a statue of Kamal Khojandi nearby .

Destroyer escort ( DE ) was the United States Navy mid-20th - century classification for a warship designed with endurance to escort mid - ocean convoys of merchant marine ships . Kaibōkan were designed for a similar role in the Imperial Japanese Navy . The Royal Navy and Commonwealth forces identified such warships as frigates , and that classification was widely accepted when the United States redesignated destroyer escorts as frigates ( FF ) in 1975 . Destroyer escorts , frigates , and kaibōkan were mass - produced for World War II as a less expensive antisubmarine warfare alternative to fleet destroyers . Other similar warships include the 10 Kriegsmarine escort ships of the F - class and the two Amiral Murgescu - class vessels of the Romanian Navy . Postwar destroyer escorts and frigates were larger than those produced during wartime , with increased antiaircraft capability , but remained smaller and slower than postwar destroyers . As Cold War destroyer escorts became as large as wartime destroyers , the United States Navy converted some of their World War II destroyers to escort destroyers ( DDE ) .

Midnight at the Lost and Found is a 1983 album by Meat Loaf . This would be the final Meat Loaf release under Epic Records until The Very Best of Meat Loaf ( 1998 ) . Following a dispute with his former songwriter Jim Steinman , Meat Loaf was contractually obliged to release a new album . According to Meat Loaf , Steinman gave him " Total Eclipse of the Heart " and " Making Love Out of Nothing at All " for the album , but Meat Loaf 's record company refused to pay for Steinman . The songs Steinman had given to Meat Loaf were then given to Bonnie Tyler and Air Supply respectively , which both became hits in their respective countries and worldwide . Struggling for time and with no resolution to his arguments with Steinman seemingly on the horizon ( eventually , Steinman and Meat Loaf would sue one another ) , he was forced to find songwriters wherever he could , including writing the songs himself . Meat Loaf is credited with being involved in the writing of numerous tracks on the album , including the title track . However , as Meat would later admit , he was not much of a songwriter and did not like the songs he had written for the album . It was also regarded by fans and critics alike as a poor effort whether compared to previous releases or on its own merit . Those same fans and critics were disappointed to see that the iconic pictures on the covers of Bat Out of Hell and Dead Ringer were replaced by a black - and - white photograph of Meat Loaf . ( On some later re - releases , a color image of a screaming Meat Loaf was used as the cover image . )

Florence Evelyn Nesbit ( December 25 , 1884   – January 17 , 1967 ) , known professionally as Evelyn Nesbit , was an American chorus girl , artists ' model , and actress . In the early part of the 20th century , Nesbit 's figure and face appeared frequently in mass circulation newspapers and magazine advertisements , on souvenir items , and calendars , making her a cultural celebrity . Her career began in her early teens in Philadelphia and continued in New York , where she posed for a cadre of respected artists of the era , including James Carroll Beckwith , Frederick S. Church , and notably Charles Dana Gibson , who idealized her as a " Gibson Girl " . She had the distinction of being an early fashion and artists ' model in an era when both fashion photography ( as an advertising medium ) and the pin - up ( as an art genre ) were just beginning their ascendancy . Nesbit achieved worldwide notoriety when her husband , the multimillionaire Harry Kendall Thaw , shot and killed Stanford White on the rooftop theatre of Madison Square Garden on the evening of June 25 , 1906 , leading to what the press would call the " Trial of the Century " . During the trial , Nesbit testified that as a stage performer , and while still a 14-year - old , she attracted the attention of the then 47-year - old architect and New York socialite Stanford White , who first gained her family 's trust then sexually assaulted her while she was unconscious .

Procidis is a French animation studio , founded by Albert Barillé , which among other things produced the educational series Once Upon a Time ... ( Man [ 1978 ] , Space [ 1982 ] , Life [ 1987 ] , The Americas [ 1991 ] , The Discoverers [ 1994 ] , The Explorers [ 1996 ] , Music [ 2007 ] , and Planet Earth [ 2008 ] ) . Its programs are sold in more than 100 countries . The last series launched that was translated into English was " Les Zooriginaux " ( Wild Instinct ) , which was released in 2001 in France , Belgium , Germany , Italy , and the United Kingdom . The Music ( Spanish ) and Planet Earth ( French ) series have not yet been translated into English .

Ultimo mondo cannibale ( English : Last Cannibal World ; also known as Cannibal The Last Survivor and Jungle Holocaust ) is a 1977 Italian cannibal exploitation film directed by Ruggero Deodato . The film stars Massimo Foschi , Me Me Lai and Ivan Rassimov . The screenplay was written by Tito Carpi , Gianfranco Clerici and Renzo Genta , and tells the story of a man trying to escape from a jungle island inhabited by a native cannibal tribe . It is the precursor to Deodato 's notoriously controversial Cannibal Holocaust ( 1980 ) , but was originally slated to be directed by Umberto Lenzi as a follow - up to his prototypical 1972 cannibal film Man from Deep River . While not prosecuted for obscenity , the film was seized and confiscated in the UK under Section 3 of the Obscene Publications Act 1959 during the video nasty panic .

Futureworld is a 1976 American science fiction thriller film directed by Richard T. Heffron and written by Mayo Simon and George Schenck . It is a sequel to the 1973 Michael Crichton film Westworld , and is the second installment in the Westworld franchise . The film stars Peter Fonda , Blythe Danner , Arthur Hill , Stuart Margolin , John Ryan , and Yul Brynner , who makes an appearance in a dream sequence . No other cast member from the original film appears and its writer - director , Michael Crichton , was not involved in this production . The film attempted to take the plot in a different direction from Westworld , but it was not well received by critics . It was made by American International Pictures ( its predecessor was made by Metro - Goldwyn - Mayer , which later bought AIP 's successor Orion Pictures ) . A short - lived television series called Beyond Westworld followed .

I Am a Camera is a 1955 British comedy - drama film based on The Berlin Stories by Christopher Isherwood and the eponymous play by John Van Druten . The film is a fictionalized account of Isherwood 's time living in Berlin between the World Wars . Directed by Henry Cornelius , from a script by John Collier , I Am a Camera stars Laurence Harvey as Isherwood and Julie Harris recreating her Tony Award - winning performance as Sally Bowles . The film was critically unsuccessful upon its release in both the United Kingdom and the United States , and it was subjected to restrictive ratings . Long overshadowed by Cabaret , the 1966 stage and 1972 film adaptation of the same source material , contemporary critics have noted the historic interest of this earlier presentation .

Idesia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Salicaceae ( formerly placed in the family Flacourtiaceae ) , comprising the single species Idesia polycarpa . It is native to eastern Asia in China , Japan , Korea , and Taiwan . It is a medium - sized deciduous tree reaching a height of 8–21 m , with a trunk up to 50   cm diameter with smooth greyish - green bark . The shoots are greyish - brown , stout , with a thick pith core . The leaves are large , heart - shaped , 8–20   cm long and 7–20   cm broad , with a red 4–30   cm petiole bearing two or more glands ; the leaves are dark green above , glaucous below , and have a coarsely serrated margin . The flowers are small , yellowish green , fragrant , and born in panicles 13–30   cm long . It is dioecious with male and female flowers on separate trees ; the male flowers are 12–16   mm diameter , the female flowers 9   mm diameter . The fruit is a berry 5–10   mm diameter , ripening orange to dark purple - red , containing several 2–3   mm brown seeds , and often persisting until the following spring .

" Looking for the Perfect Beat " is an electro and old school hip hop song by Afrika Bambaataa & the Soulsonic Force . It was the second single from their album . Released in January 1983 , it served as the followup to the group 's highly influential song " Planet Rock " . The song was ranked at number 13 among the " Tracks of the Year " for 1983 by NME . Over the years , the single has attracted critical acclaim as an essential track in the history of early hip - hop music . Critic John Bush of Allmusic has remarked that the group had a " near - perfect homage to digital - era technology " , with its performers " freestyling over quintessentially electro ingredients like pin - point machine beats , electric drumpads , and arpeggiated sequencers . " It has also been revamped and sampled numerous times . " Looking for the Perfect Beat " was the basis for the British Hip hop and House crossover performer Bomb the Bass ' " Beat Dis " as well as Simon Harris ' similar hit , " Here Comes That Sound " , which came out in 1988 . U96 's single " Energie " ( 1998 ) also took inspiration . Samples of the track helped create LL Cool J 's song " Control Myself " and DJ Khaled 's song " Holla at Me " . The song was featured in the video game on the fictional radio station , Wildstyle .

Ares (; , Áres ) is the Greek god of war . He is one of the Twelve Olympians , the son of Zeus and Hera . In Greek literature , he often represents the physical or violent and untamed aspect of war , in contrast to his sister the armored Athena , whose functions as a goddess of intelligence include military strategy and generalship . The Greeks were toward Ares : although he embodied the physical valor necessary for success in war , he was a dangerous force , " overwhelming , insatiable in battle , destructive , and man - slaughtering . " His sons Phobos ( Fear ) and Deimos ( Terror ) and his lover , or sister , Enyo ( Discord ) accompanied him on his war chariot . In the Iliad , his father Zeus tells him that he is the god most hateful to him . An association with Ares endows places and objects with a savage , dangerous , or militarized quality . His value as a war god is placed in doubt : during the Trojan War , Ares was on the losing side , while Athena , often depicted in Greek art as holding Nike ( Victory ) in her hand , favoured the triumphant Greeks . Ares plays a relatively limited role in Greek mythology as represented in literary narratives , though his numerous love affairs and abundant offspring are often alluded to . When Ares does appear in myths , he typically faces humiliation . He is well known as the lover of Aphrodite , the goddess of love , who was married to Hephaestus , god of craftsmanship . The most famous story related to Ares and Aphrodite shows them exposed to ridicule through the wronged husband 's device . The counterpart of Ares among the Roman gods is Mars , who as a father of the Roman people was given a more important and dignified place in ancient Roman religion as a guardian deity . During the Hellenization of Latin literature , the myths of Ares were reinterpreted by Roman writers under the name of Mars . Greek writers under Roman rule also recorded cult practices and beliefs pertaining to Mars under the name of Ares . Thus in the classical tradition of later Western art and literature , the mythology of the two figures becomes virtually indistinguishable .

Melanesia ( , ) is a subregion of Oceania extending from New Guinea island in the southwestern Pacific Ocean to the Arafura Sea , and eastward to Fiji . The region includes the four independent countries of Vanuatu , Solomon Islands , Fiji , and Papua New Guinea , as well as the French special collectivity of New Caledonia , and the Indonesian region of Western New Guinea . Most of the region is in the Southern Hemisphere , with a few small northwestern islands of Western New Guinea in the Northern Hemisphere . The name Melanesia ( in French Mélanésie ) was first used by Jules Dumont d'Urville in 1832 to denote an ethnic and geographical grouping of islands whose inhabitants he thought were distinct from those of Micronesia and Polynesia .

Emanuele Santi is an Italian economist and political scientist . He is currently Lead Strategy Advisor Chief at the African Development Bank . He has worked for over a decade for multilateral development banks ( World Bank and African Development Bank ) advising governments on numerous public sector and governance reforms . His work experience spans over 15 developing countries mostly in Africa , Eastern Europe and Latin America . He authors various books and articles on development issues , particularly in the area of governance , regional integration and local development In 2012 , Emanuele Santi founded Souk Attanmia , the largest and most innovative partnership in support to social entrepreneurship in Tunisia . Stanford SS Review case study Santi 's work focuses on Governance , Local Development and Regional Economic Integration , and is the author of various books and articles on development issues

The Hoogerwerf 's pheasant ( Lophura hoogerwerfi ) also known as Aceh pheasant or Sumatran pheasant is a medium - sized , up to long , bird of the family Phasianidae . The male is a crestless bluish black pheasant with bare red facial skin , short tail and grey legs . The female is a rufous brown bird with a dark bluish grey legs and short dark tail . Its appearance resembles , and sometimes it is considered as a subspecies of the Salvadori 's pheasant . The female is different from the latter for having darker brown , lack of buff mottling and plainer plumage . An Indonesian endemic , this little - known pheasant inhabits to mid - mountain forests of Gunung Leuser National Park in Aceh province . Previously known only from two female specimens , it was recently discovered in a market in Medan , North Sumatra . The name commemorates the Dutch ornithologist and taxidermist Andries Hoogerwerf . Due to ongoing habitat loss , small population size and limited range , the Hoogerwerf 's pheasant is evaluated as Vulnerable on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species .

Beta cloth is a type of fireproof silica fiber cloth used in the manufacture of Apollo / Skylab A7L space suits , the Apollo Thermal Micrometeoroid Garment , the McDivitt Purse , and in other specialized applications . Beta cloth consists of fine woven silica fiber , similar to fiberglass . The resulting fabric will not burn , and will melt only at temperatures exceeding . To reduce its tendency to crease or tear when manipulated , and to increase durability , the fibers are coated with Teflon . A tight weave of Beta cloth makes it more durable against atomic oxygen exposure . Its ability to resist atomic oxygen exposure makes it commonly used as the outer - most layer in multi - layer insulation for space , and it was used significantly on the Space Shuttle and the International Space Station . It was implemented in NASA space suits after the deadly 1967 Apollo 1 launch pad fire , in which the astronauts ' nylon suits burned through . After the fire , NASA demanded any potentially flammable materials were to be removed from both the spacecraft and space suits . Beta cloth was developed by a Manned Spacecraft Center team led by Frederick S. Dawn and including Matthew I. Radnofsky working with the Owens - Corning and DuPont companies . Where additional wear resistance was needed , external patches of Chromel - R metallic cloth were used . Beta cloth was used as the material for the Skylab shower enclosure . The interior of the Space Shuttle payload bay was almost completely covered with Beta cloth . This helps protect while staying open for weeks at a time in space . Some Beta cloth is used on MSL 's rover Curiosity .

William Quintillis Dallmeyer ( October 23 , 1829 – March 15 , 1908 ) was an American Missouri politician . William Quintillis Dallmeyer was born in Hanover , Germany . He emigrated to the United States in 1845 , living in New York City and New Orleans , Louisiana , before settling in St. Louis , Missouri , where he worked in the dry goods business . In 1856 , he moved to Gasconade County , Missouri , where he divided his time between his farm , general store , and serving as the local postmaster and justice of the peace . In 1864 , he was elected to the Missouri House of Representatives , serving until 1869 , when he was elected State Treasurer . Following his two - year term , he served as cashier at the First National Bank in Jefferson City , Missouri , from 1874 to 1882 .

Hawarden Airport ( ) , is an airport near Hawarden in Flintshire , Wales , near the border with England and west southwest of the English city of Chester . Aviation Park Group ( APG ) is based at the airport and provides handling and related services to private clients . APG has a longterm tenancy agreement with Airbus UK , giving sole handling rights at the site . A large Airbus factory , which produces aircraft wings , is located at the airport . The factory is known as the Broughton factory , named after the nearest village . Hawarden Aerodrome has a CAA Ordinary Licence ( Number P786 ) that allows flights for the public transport of passengers or for flying instruction as authorised by the licensee ( Airbus UK Limited ) .

Ploschad Muzhestva ( ] , ) is an open public square , shaped as a roundabout , in the north - east of Saint Petersburg , Russia . Its name and decoration commemorate the fortitude city dwellers demonstrated during the nearly 900-day - long 1941 – 44 Nazi Germany Siege of Leningrad as the square opens the way to the biggest burial place of the siege victims Piskaryovskoye Memorial Cemetery . The underground station of the same name opened next to the square on 31 December 1975 . The square joins five streets , two of which form northeastern roughly latitudinal part of the city 's Central Arc Thoroughfare that as a whole connects much of the city 's uptown residential areas with southwestern and northwestern suburban motorways . Mostly nearly longitudinal Polytechnical Street and its northern coaxials mark the boundary between Vyborg District and Kalinin District of the city .

The Kopelman Quartet is a Russian string quartet founded in 2002 by Mikhail Kopelman ( violin ) , Boris Kuschnir ( violin ) , Igor Sulyga ( viola ) and Mikhail Milman ( cello ) . They studied at the Moscow Conservatory in the 1970s , but pursued individual careers for twenty - five years before founding the quartet . The quartet has played at many major international venues , including the Musikverein , Vienna , and the Dom Muzyki , Moscow , and appears regularly at venues such as the Concertgebouw , Amsterdam and the Wigmore Hall , London . Chamber music partners have included Elisabeth Leonskaja , Mischa Maisky and Julian Rachlin . Festival appearances have included the Edinburgh International Festival , the Valladolid Festival , the Zurich Festival , the Colmar Festival , Prague Spring Festival , the Wimbledon Music Festival and the Ravinia Festival in the United States .

Prophets of Rage is the self - titled debut studio album by American rap rock supergroup Prophets of Rage , consisting of three members of Rage Against the Machine and Audioslave ( bassist and backing vocalist Tim Commerford , guitarist Tom Morello , and drummer Brad Wilk ) , Public Enemy 's DJ Lord and rapper Chuck D , and Cypress Hill rapper B - Real . The group formed in 2016 with a mission to " confront the injustices and be the soundtrack of resistance , " and the primary message of Prophets of Rage is only the people themselves can solve the world 's problems . Released on September 15 , 2017 , by Fantasy Records , Prophets of Rage garnered very divided reviews , with favorable reviews praising the chemistry between the members of the supergroup and the harshness of the LP and critics that disliked the album panning the vague , one - dimensional lyrics . Commercially , however , the album debuted at number 16 on the American Billboard 200 chart , selling more than 21,000 copies in the United States in its first week of release , and also landed in the top 20 of charts of several European countries .

Roberval — Lac - Saint - Jean ( formerly known as Roberval ) was a federal electoral district in Quebec , Canada , that represented in the House of Commons of Canada from 1949 until 2015 . The riding was created in 1947 from parts of Lake St - John — Roberval riding . It was dissolved into Lac - Saint - Jean and Jonquière during the 2012 electoral redistribution . The neighbouring ridings are Abitibi — Baie - James — Nunavik — Eeyou , Chicoutimi — Le Fjord , Jonquière — Alma , Montmorency — Charlevoix — Haute - Côte - Nord , and Saint - Maurice — Champlain . This is the riding with the highest percentage of non - immigrants ( 99.4 % ) and of people with French as their home language ( also 99.4 % ) .

Pontiac Assembly was one of four General Motors assembly plants in Pontiac , Michigan located along Baldwin Avenue . It served as the main facility for Pontiac Motor Division since it was built in 1927 . It is across the street from the currently operational Pontiac Metal Center , which was the original location for the Oakland Motor Car Company , which Pontiac evolved into . The plant ceased production of full - size Pontiacs after the 1980 model year , and was idled on August 6 , 1982 . Another production line was opened in 1983 to build the Fiero . The old production line was reopened January 14 , 1985 to build the GM " G " body Oldsmobile Cutlass Supreme and Buick Regal , as the Lansing and Flint plants which built them had been converted to new front - wheel - drive car lines . Chevrolet Monte Carlo production was added for 1987 , and Pontiac Grand Prix production returned in October 1987 . Production ended on December 11 , 1987 . Fiero production ended on August 16 , 1988 , and the plant was permanently closed . Manufacturing operations were transferred to Orion Assembly .

Michael Haneke (; born 23 March 1942 ) is an Austrian film director and screenwriter best known for films such as Funny Games ( 1997 ) , Caché ( 2005 ) , The White Ribbon ( 2009 ) and Amour ( 2012 ) . His work often examines social issues and depicts the feelings of estrangement experienced by individuals in modern society . Haneke has worked in television ‚ theatre and cinema . Besides working as a filmmaker , Haneke also teaches film direction at the Film Academy Vienna . At the 2009 Cannes Film Festival , his film The White Ribbon won the Palme d'Or , and at the 67th Golden Globe Awards the film won the Golden Globe Award for Best Foreign Language Film . In 2012 , his film Amour premiered and competed at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival . The film would go on to win the Palme d'Or , making it his second win of the prestigious award in three years ; this made him the seventh director ( at the time ) to have won it twice and the only Austrian director to have accomplished this . The film received five Academy Award nominations , including Best Picture , Best Director , Best Original Screenplay , and Best Actress in a Leading Role for Emmanuelle Riva . It won in the category of Best Foreign Language Film . Haneke has made films in French , German and in English . In 2013 Haneke won the Prince of Asturias Award for the arts .

Erfurt Hauptbahnhof ( Erfurt Hbf ) or Erfurt Central Station is the central railway station at Erfurt in Germany . It is an important junction on the German rail network , served by numerous local and long - distance rail services . Immediately north of the station is Erfurt 's city centre . The station was used by approximately 12.5 million passengers in 2006 , an average of about 34,000 per day . The station lies on the Thüringer Bahn , which connects Halle to Bebra . It is served also by the Erfurter Bahn . It was rebuilt from 2002 to 2008 for the completion of the Nuremberg – Erfurt high - speed railway and the Erfurt – Leipzig / Halle high - speed railway and connects the Berlin – Munich and Frankfurt – Dresden long - distance routes .

Eugene Wesley " Gene " Roddenberry ( August 19 , 1921 – October 24 , 1991 ) was an American screenwriter and producer of several television series , best known for his work in creating the Star Trek franchise . He began a writing career while he was a Sergeant in the Los Angeles Police Department ( LAPD ) and his first work to be bought by a network was The Secret Defense of 117 , although it took four years to be broadcast . During that time , he wrote four episodes of the police procedural Highway Patrol under the pseudonym " Robert Wesley " , as the LAPD required employees to seek formal permission to work a second job . After leaving the force , he wrote for several series , such as Have Gun – Will Travel but wanted to become a producer . He wrote pilots for a series of his own , but these were turned down by the studios until he began work on The Lieutenant . This ran for a single season on NBC on Saturday nights . While involved in that series , he began working on a science fiction premise that became . He oversaw the production of the series for the first two seasons , but following budget cuts and the move to an unfavorable timeslot for the , he stepped back from working on Star Trek but remained credited as an executive producer . Following the cancellation of the series , he wrote and produced his first feature film , Pretty Maids All in a Row . He also produced several new science fiction pilots ; Genesis II ( also re - worked into a second pilot , called Planet Earth ) , The Questor Tapes and Spectre . Of these , Questor was approved to go to a full season , but following disagreements between Roddenberry and the studio over suggested changes , it was canceled . Star Trek was resurrected twice , first as , and then as . The studio brought in a new producer for the sequel to the film , to which Roddenberry demanded creative control or else he would refuse an executive producer credit , instead only willing to be credited as creative consultant . This credit started with and continued through to . He took Star Trek back to television during the late 1980s , with . In order to maintain complete control , he decided to release the series directly into broadcast syndication in order to avoid the interference of networks . Following his death in 1991 , two of his 1970s science fiction ideas were re - worked , resulting in and Andromeda .

Made on a budget of , Tanu Weds Manu Returns was released on 22 May 2015 , and grossed worldwide . The film garnered awards and nominations in several categories , with particular praise for its writing , music , and the performances of Ranaut and Dobriyal . As of June 2016 , the film has won 15 awards . At the 63rd National Film Awards , Tanu Weds Manu Returns won the awards for Best Actress ( Ranaut ) , Best Original Screenplay and Best Dialogues . At the 61st Filmfare Awards ceremony , the film won two awards : Best Actress   – Critics ( Ranaut ) and Best Dialogue . The film also received nominations for Best Film and Best Director at the ceremony . In addition , Tanu Weds Manu Returns received 13 nominations at the Producers Guild Film Awards ceremony , more than any other film , and won the award for Best Actor in a Comic Role ( Dobriyal ) . Among other wins , the film garnered two awards each from the International Indian Film Academy , BIG Star Entertainment and the Times of India award ceremonies .

Guy (; born c. 1012 ) was the duke of Sorrento from 1035 , the brother of Guaimar IV of Salerno , father - in - law of William Iron Arm and William of the Principate , and brother - in - law of Humphrey of Hauteville . He was the son of Guaimar III and Gaitelgrima . Guy 's place in history is secured primarily through his relations ( by blood and marriage ) , though his own actions were not inconsequential . According to John Julius Norwich , he was a " selfless " prince , exhibiting a " moral sense rare for [ his ] time and position . " His brother conquered Sorrento in 1035 and bestowed it on him as a duchy . He was a constant supporter of his brother and the Normans during the former 's reign and he counted the mercenaries as allies when , upon the assassination of Guaimar , his family , including his nephew , the Salernitan heir , was rounded up by the assassins and imprisoned , he being the only one to escape . He quickly flew to the Normans of Melfi , whom he paid highly for aid . He brought them back with his own Sorrentine army to besiege Salerno , wherein the conspirators had fortified themselves . Guy had soon captured all of the conspirators ' families and had negotiated the release of his nephew , Gisulf . Guy accepted their surrender soon after and promised them no harm . The Normans , not bound , they said , by Guy 's oath , massacred the four brothers and 36 others , one for each stab wound found in Guaimar 's body . Guy enthroned his nephew and he and his Normans , who would have preferred Guy as prince , did immediate homage to him . Nevertheless , Gisulf was thankless to his Norman vassals and grew to be a piratical neighbour to all in Southern Italy . His principality was constantly picked away and he ignored the advice of his uncle Guy counselling moderation . Guy remained forever loyal to the Hauteville leadership , however . In 1073 , he captured the rebel Herman , his own nephew , and handed him over to Robert Guiscard , his nephew - in - law . Guy died amidst the breakup of the great principality his brother had forged and he had preserved . With his death , Sorrento became independent once more .

William Harry Towers ( 13 July 1920 – April 2000 ) was an English professional footballer . He was born in Leicester . Bill Towers signed for Leicester City from local side Bentley Eng . in January 1945 , making 4 league appearances in the first post - war Football League season . He was signed by Jack Butler for Torquay United in October 1946 and went on to make 292 first team games ( 274 in the league ) , all of which came at either wing - half or right - back . Before retiring in 1955 , Towers played under 5 managers at Plainmoor and played in the Gulls ' 1954 – 55 run in the FA Cup in which the Gulls beat Leeds United before losing 1–0 at home to Huddersfield Town in front of the biggest crowd ever seen at Plainmoor . After retiring as a player , Towers moved into adult education and eventually taught inmates at Parkhurst Prison on the Isle of Wight . Bill Towers died in April 2000 at the age of 79 .

Vladimir Mayakovsky ( 1893 – 1930 ) was a Russian poet and playwright , among the foremost representatives of early-20th century Russian Futurism . Mayakovsky ( masculine ) , Mayakovskaya ( feminine ) , or Mayakovskoye ( neuter ) may also refer to : Mayakovsky , name of the town of Baghdati , Georgia in 1940 – 1991 Mayakovski , Armenia , a town in Armenia renamed in honor of Mayakovsky Mayakovskoye , a rural locality ( a settlement ) in Kaliningrad Oblast , Russia Mayakovsky Theatre in Moscow , named after Mayakovsky Mayakovskaya ( Moscow Metro ) , a station of the Moscow Metro , named after Mayakovsky Mayakovskaya ( Saint Petersburg Metro ) , a station of the Saint Petersburg Metro , named after Mayakovsky Mayakovsky ( ship ) , a steamer that sank in Latvia in 1950 . 2931 Mayakovsky ( 1969 UC ) , an asteroid named after Mayakovsky

Michael H. Robinson ( 1929 , Preston , Lancashire , England — March 22 , 2008 , Alexandria , Virginia ) was a British zoologist who directed the National Zoo in Washington D.C. , for 16 years , from 1984 to 2000 . Dr. Robinson received his undergraduate degree from the University of Wales , in 1963 , and his doctorate in zoology , in 1966 , from Oxford University , where he studied under Nobel laureate Nikolaas Tinbergen . Prior to his work at the National Zoo , Dr. Robinson spent 18 years in Panama , Central America , studying animal behavior at the Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute . There , he researched spiders , crabs , otters , stick insects , and marine life . His publications include numerous articles and several books . With David Challinor and Holly Webber he wrote the guide book Zoo Animals : a Smithsonian guide ( 1995 ) . He was married to biologist Barbara Robinson , his colleague for many years , from whom he was divorced .

William Stuart Reyburn ( December 17 , 1882 – July 25 , 1946 ) was a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania . Reyburn was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , to John E. Reyburn and Margretta ( Crozier ) . He married Georgie Fontaine Maury , of Washington , June 10 , 1911 . He graduated from Yale University in 1904 , where he was a member of St. Anthony Hall , and from the law department of Georgetown University , Washington , D.C. He was a member of President William Howard Taft 's party that visited the Philippines , Japan , and China in 1905 . He served in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from 1909 until 1911 . He was elected to 62nd Congress , May 23 , 1911 , to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Joel Cook and served from May 23 , 1911 , to March 3 , 1913 . He declined to be a candidate for renomination in 1912 .

William F. Gibson ( September 7 , 1933 – May 2 , 2002 ) was an African - American dentist who served as chair of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People ( NAACP ) from 1985 to 1995 . Gibson was a graduate of North Carolina A&T ; State University and Meharry Medical College . He served as president of the NAACP 's regional branch in Greenville , South Carolina before succeeding Margaret Bush Wilson as national chairperson . As chair , he encouraged voter registration and worked to increase economic opportunities for African Americans . However , his handling of finances was controversial , and the NAACP found itself with a $ 4 million deficit in 1995 . That year , NAACP board members voted 30–29 to replace Gibson with Myrlie Evers - Williams , widow of Medgar Evers . Gibson died of cancer at the age of 69 in Greenville on May 2 , 2002 .

In critical theory and postcolonialism , the term subaltern designates the populations which are socially , politically , and geographically outside of the hegemonic power structure of the colony and of the colonial homeland . In describing " history told from below " , subaltern was coined by Antonio Gramsci , notably through his work on cultural hegemony , which identified the groups that are excluded from a society 's established institutions and thus denied the means by which people have a voice in their society . The terms subaltern and Subaltern Studies entered postcolonial studies through the works of the Subaltern Studies Group , a collection of historians of the Indian Subcontinent who explored the political - actor role of the men and women who constitute the mass population , rather than the political roles of the social and economic elites , in the history of the Indian Subcontinent . Marxist historians had already been investigating colonial history as told from the perspective of the proletariat , using the concept of social classes as being determined by economic relations . In the 1970s , subaltern began to denote the colonized peoples of the Indian subcontinent and described a new perspective of the history of an imperial colony as told from the point of view of the colonized rather than that of the colonizers . In the 1980s , the scope of enquiry of Subaltern Studies was applied as an " intervention in South Asian historiography " . As a method of intellectual discourse , the concept of the subaltern is contentious because it originated as a Eurocentric method of historical enquiry for studying the non - Western people of Africa , Asia , and the Middle East . From its inception as an historical - research model for studying the colonial experience of the peoples of the Indian Subcontinent , subaltern studies transformed from a model of intellectual discourse into a method of " vigorous post - colonial critique " . The term " subaltern " is used in the fields of history , anthropology , sociology , human geography , literary criticism , musicology , and art history .

The East River is a tributary of the New River , long , in southern West Virginia and southwestern Virginia in the United States . Via the New , Kanawha and Ohio rivers , it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River , draining an area of in the Ridge - and - Valley Appalachians . The East River was named for its easterly course . It rises from East River Mountain in Mercer County , West Virginia , in the eastern part of the city of Bluefield , and flows generally east - northeastward through southern Mercer County , generally in parallel to East River Mountain to its south , through the unincorporated communities of Ada , Ingleside , and Hardy ; the town of Oakvale ; and the unincorporated communities of Kellysville and Willowton . It flows into the New River soon after entering Virginia , in the town of Glen Lyn in Giles County . The stream is paralleled for much of its course upstream of Oakvale by West Virginia Route 112 , and downstream of Oakvale by U.S. Route 460 .

KFXL - TV , virtual channel 51 ( UHF digital channel 15 ) , is a Fox - affiliated television station licensed to Lincoln , Nebraska , United States . The station is owned by the Sinclair Broadcast Group as part of a duopoly with Kearney - licensed KHGI - TV ( channel 13 ) , the ABC affiliate for the western portion of the Lincoln – Hastings – Kearney market . KFXL 's transmitter is located on Industrial Avenue in northern Lincoln . The two stations share studios on Nebraska Highway 44 in Axtell , about south of Kearney . The KFXL signal is simulcast on the digital subchannels of most of the KHGI / NTV network stations , bringing KFXL programming to the western half of the Lincoln – Hastings – Kearney market and parts of the North Platte market .

The Descent of Mary ( Γεννα Μαριας or " Genna Marias " ) is a minor work of the New Testament apocrypha which is only known through mention in the Panarion of Epiphanius of Salamis , who gives a short passage . Epiphanius attributes the tale to the Gnostics . The excerpt purports to be the story about the death of Zechariah , the father of John the Baptist , who is supposed to have seen a vision of a man " in the form of an ass " while burning incense in the temple . When he emerges , he is unable to speak at first , but when he is able to relate the vision , those about him kill him . The story is consonant with other Gnostic writings and depiction of Gnostic thought in the writings of Origen , as well as with the Gospel of James ; but there is no other testimony to this particular tale . Scholars have suggested a 2nd - century date to the text .

Deadly Premonition is a survival horror video game developed by Access Games for Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 and Microsoft Windows . Set in the fictional , rural American town of Greenvale , Washington , the story follows FBI Special Agent Francis York Morgan as he investigates the murder of an eighteen - year - old woman , which bears similarities to a series of murders across the country . Deadly Premonition was originally released in 2010 for Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 ; the Xbox 360 version was published by Ignition Entertainment in North America , Marvelous Entertainment in Japan , and Rising Star Games in Europe . Marvelous Entertainment released the PlayStation 3 version exclusively in Japan . A director 's cut edition for PlayStation 3 and Microsoft Windows was released worldwide by Rising Star Games in 2013 . Deadly Premonition is a reboot of Access Games ' earlier video game Rainy Woods . In production since 2004 , Rainy Woods was cancelled soon after its debut at the 2007 convention Tokyo Game Show due to technical issues . Upon its release , Deadly Premonition received wildly varying critical reviews , eventually holding the Guinness World Record for the most critically polarizing survival horror game . It has since garnered a cult following and has been cited as an example of games as art .

Johannes de Sacrobosco , also written Ioannis de Sacro Bosco ( 1195 – 1256 ) , was a scholar , monk and astronomer who was a teacher at the University of Paris . He wrote a short introduction to the Hindu - Arabic numeral system which became the most widely read introduction to that subject in the later medieval centuries ( judging from the number of manuscript copies that survive today ) . He also wrote a short astronomy textbook , Tractatus de Sphaera , which was widely read and influential in Europe during the later medieval centuries as an introduction to astronomy . In his longest and most original book , Sacrobosco correctly described the defects of the then - used Julian calendar , and , three centuries before its implementation , recommended a solution much like the modern Gregorian calendar . Very little is known about the education and biography of Sacrobosco . For one thing , his year of death has been guessed at 1236 , 1244 , and 1256 , each of which is plausible and each lacking adequate evidence .

Omeo Kumar Das ( 1895 – 1975 ) , popularly addressed as Lok Nayak , was an Indian social worker , Gandhian , educationist , writer and a former Minister at the Government of Assam . He held various ministerial portfolios such as Education , Labour and Food and Civil Supplies , during various periods , in the state of Assam . He translated The Story of My Experiments with Truth , the autobiography of Mahatma Gandhi , into Assamese language and contributed to the implementation of Tea Plantation Worker ’s Provident Fund in the state . The Government of India awarded him the third highest civilian honour of the Padma Bhushan , in 1963 , for his contributions to society . India Post honoured Das by issuing a commemorative stamp on him on 15 May 1998 .

Syrets ( ) is a Kiev Metro station on the Syretsko - Pecherska Line . Opened in 2004 , it is the northwestern terminus . Traditionally all of the Metro stations in Kiev were built in several stages including a few stations each ( sometimes delivered in various segments ) . The Syretsky radius was started in the early 1990s , in the midst of economic hardships as a result of which , not only was it many years behind schedule it was also very slow to open new stations . Syrets was originally to be the fifth station on the radius , but as Lvivska Brama never opened and Vulytsia Hertsena was left as a provision , it became the third on the radius when it opened to the public on 14 October 2004 . The station is not in the vicinity of houses , but is right next to the Syrets railway platform , and as a result most of its passengers are commuters coming from further northwestern districts of the city rather than local residents ( which was its original intention ) . Designed by architect T. Tselikovskaya , the station is a standard design deep level pylon trivault , but the first in Kiev to exhibit a new high - tech approach to the design of the stations , over the previous vivid decorations that were inherited from the Soviet times . As a result , the station 's walls and the perfectly square pylons are faced with grey marble , and the floor with red and grey granite . Contrasting to that are bright red metallic stripes that run on the lower side of the station wall and on the pylon and intervault wall of the platform and central hall . The niche between the upper vault and the pylon space is done out of beige mettaloplastic ( which also has the fluorescent lighting elements ) and the upper vaults are covered in plastic planes . In the far end of the central hall , is a neatly arranged artwork based on the same metallic themes . The station has a large surface vestibule on the corner between the Kotovsky and Stetsenko / Schuseva streets ( the latter changes name as it passes under the railway flyover ) . A four - escalator descent connects it to the station hall . Presently the station 's terminus status is meant to be temporary , and by 2015 the line should continue to expand , finally reaching the northwestern edge of the city with at least three more stations .

England 's Happiness in the Crowning of William and Mary is an English broadside ballad composed in 1689 and takes as its primary focus the coronation of William III of England and Mary II of England . William III and Mary II 's coregency began in February 1689 when the Convention Parliament , summoned by William after his invasion of England in 1689 , offered him the crown . Though this ballad never comments explicitly on William and Mary 's 1689 penning of the English Bill of Rights , it nevertheless focuses heavily on one specific component of the act , namely the reestablishment of Protestant liberty , as William III and Mary II were both Protestants : " For a Protestant King and a Protestant Queen , / The like in old England long time hath not been . "

Pierre Petit ( 8 December 1594 – 20 August 1677 ) was a French astronomer , physicist , mathematician and instrument maker . Petit was born in Montluçon . He succeeded his father in his municipal office ( Contrôleur de l'élection ) , but went to Paris in 1633 to dedicate himself to the sciences . He was a member of the circle around Marin Mersenne , and knew Etienne Pascal , Blaise Pascal , and René Descartes . Later he was a member of the Academy of Montmor . On 4 April 1667 he became a fellow of The Royal Society . He also served as a military engineer and geographer to Louis XIII and Louis XIV , in roles such as Superintendent of Fortifications . He died in Lagny - sur - Marne in 1677 .

Alfred M. Wood ( April 19 , 1825 – July 28 , 1895 ) was an officer in the Union Army during the American Civil War . On April 13 , 1858 , Wood was commissioned as colonel of the 14th New York Militia ( 14th Brooklyn ) , a local antebellum militia regiment . When the Civil War erupted , Wood enlisted at the age of 35 on April 4 , 1861 , in Brooklyn , New York , to serve three years . He was later wounded and captured on July 21 , 1861 , at the First Battle of Manassas . He was later exchanged for a Confederate colonel and returned to field duty . Later because of his wounds received at the battle of First Bull Run he was discharged for disability on October 18 , 1861 . After the war Alfred Wood became very involved in the post war affairs of his beloved 14th Brooklyn helping the veterans of the unit . He also became Mayor of the City of Brooklyn , 1864 .

TAE Technologies ( formerly Tri Alpha Energy ) is an American company based in Foothill Ranch , California , created for the development of aneutronic fusion power . The company 's design relies on a field - reversed configuration ( FRC ) , which combines features from other fusion concepts in a unique fashion . The company was founded in 1998 , and is backed by private capital . They operated as a stealth company for many years , refraining from launching its website until 2015 . The company did not generally discuss progress nor any schedule commercial production . However , it has registered and renewed various patents . It regularly publishes theoretical and experimental results in academic journals with over 150 publications and posters at scientific conferences over the last five years . TAE has a research library hosting these articles on their website .

Tariq al - Hashimi ( Țāriq al - Hāshamī ; born 1942 ) is an Iraqi politician who served as the general secretary of the Iraqi Islamic Party ( IIP ) until May 2009 . Along with Adil Abdul - Mahdi , he served as the Vice President of Iraq in the government formed after the December 2005 elections for five years . He has been serving as the Vice President ( along with Khodair al - Khozaei ) since 2011 . As a Sunni , he took the place of fellow Sunni politician Ghazi al - Yawar . In December 2011 , Hashimi fled to Iraqi Kurdistan to avoid arrest on murder charges . The Central Criminal Court of Iraq convicted him and sentenced him in absentia to death on 9 September 2012 . As of April 2012 , Hashimi is living in Ankara , Turkey , with the assurance that he will not be extradited .

One True Love is a 2012 Philippine television drama romance series broadcast by GMA Network . Directed by Andoy Ranay , it stars Alden Richards and Louise delos Reyes . It premiered on June 11 , 2012 on the network 's Telebabad line up replacing My Beloved and worldwide on June 12 , 2012 on GMA Pinoy TV . The series concluded on October 5 , 2012 with a total of 85 episodes . It was replaced by Coffee Prince in its timeslot . The pilot week of the series posted high numbers according to data from Nielsen TV Audience Measurement , gathering 38.4 % share points ( overnight household data recorded in Mega Manila from June 11 to 15 , 2012 ) . While its finale episode garnered 28.2 % ratings ( AGB Nielsen Philippines , October 5 , 2012 , Mega Manila Household overnight ratings ) , made it as the most - watched primetime show that date .

Dixon of Dock Green was a BBC television series about daily life at a London police station , with the emphasis on petty crime , successfully controlled through common sense and human understanding . The central character was a mature and sympathetic police constable , George Dixon , played by Jack Warner in all of the 432 episodes , from 1955 to 1976 . Dixon was the embodiment of a typical " bobby " who would be familiar with the area and its residents in which he patrolled and often lived there himself . The series contrasted with later programmes such as Z - Cars , which reflected a more aggressive policing culture . It retained a faithful following throughout its run and was voted second most popular programme on British TV in 1961 .

Night of the Pencils ( ) is a 1986 Argentine historical drama film directed by Héctor Olivera and written by Olivera and Daniel Kon . It is based on the non - fiction book by María Seoane and Héctor Ruiz Núñez . It stars Alejo García Pintos , Vita Escardó , Leonardo Sbaraglia , José María Monje , Pablo Machado , Adriana Salonia and Héctor Bidonde . The film , based on the actual events recorded in history as the " Night of the pencils " ( La noche de los lápices ) , tells the story of seven students who , after protesting for lower bus fares in the city of La Plata , were abducted in September 1976 , during Argentina 's last dictatorship ( 1976 - 1983 ) , and subsequently disappeared . Only one student survived to tell what happened .

Françoise Prévost ( c. 1680 – 1741 ) was a French ballerina who helped establish dramatic dance in the early world of classical ballet . She was expressive , light and dramatic in style . Prevost debuted at the Académie d'Opera in the ballet , Atys , later replacing Marie - Thérèse de Subligny as the female lead . In 1708 , she performed with Jean Balon in the final scene of Corneille 's Les Horaces . The performance , though only of the final scene of the play and entirely in pantomime , is said to have caused the audience to weep . The " pantomime " came from the popular theaters of the time and freely used bold gestures and body language to communicate the narrative to the audience . The goal was to convey a story of meaning using purely movement , without spoken word . Maintaining her interest in the dramatic potential of dance , Prevost created a famous solo in 1714 called " Les Caracteres de la Danse . " Choreographed to a suite of dances by composer Jean Ferry Rebel , the " characters " depicted a series of lovers of varying ages and sexes , and Prevost enacted each one to a different piece of music : the bourree , the menuet , the passepied . She taught this solo to her two most accomplished female students : Marie Camargo and Marie Sallé . Camargo was the first to learn the solo for her debut at the Paris Opera . Her growing success incited jealousy in Prevost , and she relegated Camargo to the corps de ballet . One day however , Camargo made an spectacular impromptu improvisation solo for a missing male dancer . The arrival of Marie Salle , and her dramatic recreation of the famous solo into a pas de deux of rich emotional interaction , highlighted the different approaches to dance of the period : technical flash verses dramatic depth . Prevost retired as première danseuse in 1730 , being replaced by her students .

Conklin Shows was the largest traveling amusement corporation in North America . The 75-year - old company operated traveling carnivals at various summer agricultural shows across North America and is based in Brantford , Ontario and formerly also in West Palm Beach , Florida . The company has a long history in Canada , providing entertainment for generations of kids and adults . The organization used to operate the midway services for some of Canada 's largest summer fairs including the Canadian National Exhibition in Toronto , the Calgary Stampede , and Edmonton 's K - Days . In 2004 , Conklin Shows International route and equipment were sold to North American Midway Entertainment . Two of the remaining companies , World 's Finest Shows and Conklin Super Shows , still are part of the Conklin Group of Carnival Companies . World 's Finest Shows route includes more than 60 fairs , all in Ontario , Canada . They are both based in Ontario , Canada . Conklin Shows , as it was known in Canada and the US , now operates under North American Midway Entertainment ( NAME ) . The carnival provides the midway at fairs and exhibitions , including , Miami , Florida 's Miami - Dade County Fair , Edmonton , Alberta 's K - Days Calgary , Alberta 's Calgary Stampede and Toronto , Ontario 's CNE , The Canadian National Exhibition .

Pierre Victor , baron de Besenval de Brünstatt ( 1722 – 1794 ) was the last commander of the Swiss Guards in France . Born at Solothurn , he was the son of Jean Victor de Besenval , colonel of the regiment of Swiss Guards in the pay of France , who was charged in 1707 by Louis XIV with a mission to Sweden to reconcile Charles XII with the tsar Peter the Great , and to unite them in alliance with France against England . Pierre Victor served at first as aide - de - camp to Marshall Broglie during the campaign of 1748 in Bohemia , then as aide - de - camp to the duke of Orleans during the Seven Years ' War . He then became commander of the Swiss Guards . When the French Revolution began de Besenval remained firmly attached to the royal court and he was given command of the troops which the king had concentrated in Paris in July 1789 , a move which led to the storming of the Bastille on 14 July 1789 . Besenval showed incompetence in the crisis , and attempted to flee . He was arrested , tried by the tribunal of the Châtelet , but acquitted . He then fell into obscurity and died in Paris in 1794 . The baron de Besenval de Brünstatt is principally known as the author of his Mémoires , which were published in 1805 to 1807 by the vicomte de Ségur , who was said to be his actual son , in which are reported many scandalous tales , true or false , of the court of Louis XVI and Marie Antoinette . The authenticity of these memoirs is not absolutely established .

Rey Francisco Quiñones ( born November 11 , 1963 ) is a Puerto Rican baseball infielder who had a short career in Major League Baseball , primarily as a shortstop . He played for the Boston Red Sox , the Seattle Mariners , and the Pittsburgh Pirates from 1986 to 1989 . Boston traded him ( along with Mike Brown and Mike Trujillo ) to the Mariners for Spike Owen and Dave Henderson . The Mariners traded him to the Pirates ( along with Bill Wilkinson ) in exchange for Mike Dunne , Mike Walker , and Mark Merchant . The Pirates released him after a few months . Quiñones also once missed a game because he was busy playing Nintendo in the clubhouse . Quinones received a World Series ring from the 1996 New York Yankees , after holding an administrative position with the team . The ring was later sold at auction . He played 451 games and hit for a .245 average , with 29 home runs and 159 RBIs .

Jeff Davis ( born Jefferson Davis ; May 6 , 1862 – January 3 , 1913 ) was a Democratic politician who served as the 20th Governor of Arkansas from 1901 to 1907 and in the United States Senate from 1907 to 1913 . He took office as one of Arkansas 's first New South governors and proved to be one of the state 's most polarizing figures . Davis used his silver tongue and aptitude for demagoguery to exploit existing feelings of agrarian frustration among poor rural white farmers and thus build a large populist appeal . However , since Davis often blamed city - dwellers , blacks and Yankees for problems on the farm , the state was quickly and ardently split into " pro - Davis " or " anti - Davis " factions . Davis began his political career as Arkansas Attorney General , where he immediately began making political waves . His office challenged the legality of the Kimball State House Act and made an extremely controversial extraterritorial interpretation of the Rector Antitrust Act . His fight to prevent trusts from doing business in Arkansas and the extreme lengths he went to enforce his opinion would be a common theme throughout his political career . He gained credibility among the poor rural whites who would become his base . Davis ' three two - year terms as Arkansas Governor " produced more politics than government " , but he did gain construction of a new state house and reformed the penal system . An almost - constant series of scandals and outrageous behavior characterized his time in office , which followed him when he won election to the United States Senate in 1906 . Davis is often classified with such populist politicians as Benjamin Tillman , Robert Love Taylor , Thomas E. Watson , James K. Vardaman , Coleman Livingston Blease , and later Huey Long , controversial figures known as part - Southern demagogues , part - populists and part - political bosses .

A megacity is a very large city , typically with a population in excess of 10 million people . Precise definitions vary : the United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs in its 2014 " World Urbanization Prospects " report counted urban agglomerations having over 10 million inhabitants . A University of Bonn report held that they are " usually defined as metropolitan areas with a total population of 10 million or more people " . Others list cities satisfying criteria of either 5 or 8 million and also have a population density of 2,000 per square kilometre . A megacity can be a single metropolitan area or two or more metropolitan areas that converge . The terms conurbation , metropolis , and metroplex are also applied to the latter . The term metacity has been used to describe metropolitan conurbations containing over 20 million people . As of 2017 , there are 47 megacities in existence . Most of these urban agglomerations are in China and other countries of Asia . The largest are the metropolitan areas of Tokyo , Shanghai , and Jakarta , each having over 30 million inhabitants . China alone has 15 megacities , and India has six . Other countries with megacities include the United States , Brazil and Pakistan , each with two .

The Blue Bulls , for sponsorship reasons known as the Vodacom Blue Bulls , or more popularly by their Afrikaans name die Blou Bulle , is a South African rugby union team that participates in the annual Currie Cup tournament . They are governed by the Blue Bulls Rugby Union and are based at Loftus Versfeld Stadium in Pretoria , Gauteng province . What was previously the Northern Transvaal Rugby Union then nicknamed the " Blue Bulls " renamed itself the Blue Bulls Rugby Union in the 1990s , and the Northern Transvaal team became known as the Blue Bulls at the same time . When Vodacom became the team 's major sponsor their name was also added . Previously the side was sponsored by ExxonMobil and known as the Mobil Blue Bulls . Their main colour is blue and their emblem a bull 's head and horns . The Blue Bulls Rugby Union also operates the Super Rugby team known simply as the Bulls .

Mount Inderbitzen ( ) is a mountain rising to over , located south - southeast of Mount Craddock and south of Mount Milton in Owen Ridge , the southernmost part of the Sentinel Range of the Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica . It surmounts Wessbecher Glacier to the southeast and Sirma Glacier to the northwest . The mountain was first mapped by the U.S. Geological Survey ( USGS ) from surveys and U.S. Navy aerial photographs from 1957 – 59 . It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names in 1994 after Anton L. Inderbitzen , who was Associate Chief Scientist in the Division of Polar Programs at the National Science Foundation ( NSF ) between 1983 – 86 and was head of the Antarctic Staff at the NSF between 1986 – 91 . From 1991 he was the Deputy Assistant Director for Research at the USGS . At the NSF , Inderbitzen was responsible for the coordination and planning of all scientific activities within the United States Antarctic Program , and for the formulation and enforcement of U.S. environmental regulations in Antarctica .

Jurie Els is a South African singer with a great number of albums and singles to his credit . He is owner of Stetson Music . Between 1994 and 2003 , he was an artist and music producer with Sony , Johannesburg , South Africa . Els started singing professionally in 1994 after winning the popular South African TV quiz programme Noot vir Noot in 1991 . Els wrote the lyrics to hundreds of South African songs recorded by some of the most popular artists including Sonja Herholdt , Rina Hugo , Gé Korsten , Carike Keuzenkamp , Bobby Angel , Robbie Klay , OTH , Joanna Field , Caroline du Preez , Nadine and Patricia Lewis . He has to date 37 CD and DVD releases and total sales of over half a million units . Most of his albums were released on BMB and later Sony BMG . Two of his albums ( Vat - Vat and Duet met Patricia Lewis ) have gone platinum and 5 gold as a recording artist . He has also won many awards as music producer and songwriter .

Rebecca Mann Pennell , later Rebecca Mann Dean ( 1821 - 1890 ) was an American educator , niece of prominent educator Horace Mann , and the first woman to be appointed a full faculty member at an American college . She was one of the ten founding professors of Antioch College in Yellow Springs , Ohio , where she taught physical geography , drawing , natural history , civil history , and didactics . Pennell was the first female college professor who received the same rank and pay as her male colleagues and attended faculty meetings . Part of Pennell 's salary was a home on campus , which still stands and is named for Pennell , as is a hall in one of Antioch College 's dormitory buildings .

Belle Gold ( née French ) , briefly known as Lacey , is a fictional character in ABC 's television series Once Upon a Time . She is portrayed by Emilie de Ravin , who became a series regular in the second season and onwards after making recurring appearances in the first season , and has become a fan favorite since her debut . She is both based on the character from Beauty and the Beast by Jeanne - Marie Leprince de Beaumont , and the Disney princess of the 1991 film of the same name . Emilie de Ravin remained a series regular until the show ’s sixth season . De Ravin departed the main cast at the conclusion of the sixth season , returning as a guest star for the fourth episode of the seventh season to bring the character some closure , solidified during a final appearance in the show 's series finale .

Natural horror ( also known as creature features ) is a subgenre of horror films that features natural forces , typically in the form of animals or plants , that pose a threat to human characters . Though killer animals in film have existed since the release of The Lost World in 1925 , two of the first motion pictures to garner mainstream success with a " nature run amok " premise were The Birds , directed by Alfred Hitchcock and released in 1963 ; and Jaws , directed by Steven Spielberg and released in 1975 . Following Jaws , numerous horror films of a similar narrative were produced , including Grizzly ( 1976 ) , Piranha ( 1978 ) , and Alligator ( 1980 ) . Today , natural horror films are still produced , with varying tones , such as ( 2008 ) and The Shallows ( 2016 ) .

The Saigon River Tunnel is an underwater tunnel that opened on November 20 , 2011 . It runs underneath the Saigon River in Ho Chi Minh City , the largest city of Vietnam . The tunnel was built with capital from JICA 's ODA , in conjunction with a consortium of Japanese contractors . The tunnel connects the existing urban center of Ho Chi Minh City with Thu Thiem New Urban Area in District 2 . The Saigon River Tunnel is part of the , an important road project under construction to ease the congestion of transport in the inner city as well as transportation from downtown to the Mekong Delta region . The existing downtown was previously only linked with the Thu Thiem New Urban Area by many bridges , namely : Thủ Thiêm Bridge , Phú Mỹ Bridge and Ba Son Bridge .

In Greek mythology , Agamemnon (; , Ἀgamémnōn ) was a king of Mycenae , the son of King Atreus and Queen Aerope of Mycenae , the brother of Menelaus , the husband of Clytemnestra and the father of Iphigenia , Electra or Laodike ( Λαοδίκη ) , Orestes and Chrysothemis . Legends make him the king of Mycenae or Argos , thought to be different names for the same area . When Helen , the wife of Menelaus , was taken to Troy by Paris , Agamemnon commanded the united Greek armed forces in the ensuing Trojan War . Upon Agamemnon 's return from Troy , he was killed ( according to the oldest surviving account , Odyssey 11.409 – 11 ) by Aegisthus , the lover of his wife Clytemnestra . In old versions of the story , the scene of the murder , when it is specified , is usually the house of Aegisthus , who has not taken up residence in Agamemnon 's palace , and it involves an ambush and the deaths of Agamemnon 's followers as well . In some later versions , Clytemnestra herself does the killing , or they act together as accomplices , killing Agamemnon in his own home .

Suddenly is the debut album by Korean duo male group J - Walk . Former Sechskies members , Kim Jae Duc and Jang Su Won , return as a project group with the name J - Walk . Their comeback / debut album has been diligently prepared since their breakup , May 2000 . The featured song " Suddenly " contains crossover jazz , R&B - ish ; songs with a pop / ballad format . Suddenly was released on 21 March . According to Recording Industry Association of Korea , as of the end of December 2002 , the album has sold a cumulative total of 119,317 copies . This album achieved great success so they won SBS Gayo Daejeon Popularity Award with former Sechs Kies member Kang Sunghun in 2002 .

Environmental subsystems are central components of operating systems of the Windows NT type . They allow the operating system to run software developed for the platform in question . For example , Windows NT 4.0 has four environmental subsystems , viz Win32 , DOS or Win16 , OS/2 , and POSIX , the latter of which is a Unix standard . The latter resides primarily in the Dynamic Link Library posix.dll . The environmental subsystems are one part of the strategy Microsoft developed for making the Windows NT stream of operating systems a hub for multi - platform computing Others include four Hardware Abstraction layers , one for Intel processors , three for RISC processors ( DEC Alpha , PowerPC , Mips ) , and a driver for the HPFS , the standard for OS/2 . Since Windows 2000 , the FAT32 file system first introduced with Windows 95 has also been present , with HPFS deprecated then being omitted in later systems . A third - party driver for FAT32 can be used on the earlier NT operating systems . Therefore , Windows NT as of version 4.0 had a default of four file systems ( NTFS , HPFS , FAT12 , and FAT16 ) , and installations of the system with a driver allowing access to a fifth FAT32 ) are very common , and tools allowing access to Unix file systems are also in existence . Interoperability with Novell Netware is generally implemented at the applications and systems programming level rather than at the kernel and data link layer and therefore further from the physical hardware .

Echoes is the fifth studio album by English recording artist Will Young . It was released by RCA Records and Sony Music on 19 August 2011 . A departure from previous albums which saw him working with a diverse roster of collaborators , Young worked with music producer Richard X and Pete Hofmann on the bulk of the album . A television special , A Night With Will Young , aired on ITV on 27 August 2011 to coincide with the release of the album and recognising Young 's impending ten - year anniversary in the music industry . Upon its release , the album entered the UK Albums Chart at number one , becoming Young 's third album to do so . " Jealousy " was released as the lead single from the album on 19 August 2011 , reaching number five on the UK Singles Chart . Further singles " Come On " , " Losing Myself " , and " I Just Want a Lover " were less successful and failed to reach the top forty . Echoes sold 65,000 copies in its first week and has now sold just over 550,000 copies in the UK .

Erasmus Hendjala ( born 31 December 1947 in Omundudu , Ohangwena Region ) is a Namibian politician . Hendjala represented the Hakahana constituency and later Tobias Hainyeko constituency in Katutura , Windhoek , Khomas Region as a member of the ruling South West Africa People 's Organization ( SWAPO ) from 1993 until August 2008 . In 2008 , Hendjala was abruptly expelled via letter for " serious misconduct and violation of the SWAPO constitution " . A month later , Hendjala joined the Rally for Democracy and Progress and announced he would contest the regional by - election in October 2008 , which was forced by his expulsion from SWAPO . However , three opposition parties including Hendjala 's RDP withdrew prior to the election , ensuring an easy SWAPO victory . His wife , a member of the SWAPO women 's council , did not leave SWAPO with her husband .

The Spirits Book ( Le Livre des Esprits in original French ) is part of the Spiritist Codification , and is regarded as one of the five fundamental works of Spiritism . It was published by the French educator Allan Kardec on April 18 , 1857 . It was the first and remains the most important spiritist book , because it addresses in first hand all questions developed subsequently by Allan Kardec . The book is structured as a collection of questions regarding the origin of the spirits , the purpose of the life , the order of the universe , evil and good and the afterlife . Its answers , according to Kardec , were given to him by a group of spirits who identified themselves as " The Spirit of Truth " , with whom he communicated in several Spiritist sessions during the 1850s . Kardec , who considered himself an " organizer " rather than an author , grouped the questions and their answers by theme , occasionally including lengthier digressions the spirits had dictated to him on specific subjects , some signed by philosophers such as Augustine of Hippo and Thomas Aquinas and writers including Voltaire .

" My Ever Changing Moods " is a song by the English band The Style Council which was their fifth single to be released . It was composed by lead singer Paul Weller , recorded at Weller 's own studio Solid Bond Studios , and was released in 1984 . It is the first single from the band 's début album , Café Bleu ( 1984 ) , which was renamed My Ever Changing Moods in the United States to capitalise on the success of that single . " My Ever Changing Moods " , backed with the Hammond organ instrumental " Mick 's Company " , peaked at No . 29 on the Billboard Hot 100 the week of June 9 , 1984 in the US . The song remains Weller 's greatest success in the US ( including his efforts in The Jam and as a solo artist )

Philip Henry Sheridan ( March 6 , 1831 – August 5 , 1888 ) was a career United States Army officer and a Union general in the American Civil War . His career was noted for his rapid rise to major general and his close association with General - in - chief Ulysses S. Grant , who transferred Sheridan from command of an infantry division in the Western Theater to lead the Cavalry Corps of the Army of the Potomac in the East . In 1864 , he defeated Confederate forces under General Jubal Early in the Shenandoah Valley and his destruction of the economic infrastructure of the Valley , called " The Burning " by residents , was one of the first uses of scorched earth tactics in the war . In 1865 , his cavalry pursued Gen. Robert E. Lee and was instrumental in forcing his surrender at Appomattox . Sheridan fought in later years in the Indian Wars of the Great Plains . Both as a soldier and private citizen , he was instrumental in the development and protection of Yellowstone National Park . In 1883 , Sheridan was appointed general - in - chief of the U.S. Army , and in 1888 he was promoted to the rank of General of the Army during the term of President Grover Cleveland .

François Caron ( 1600 – 1673 ) was a French Huguenot refugee to the Netherlands who served the Dutch East India Company ( Vereenigde Oost - Indische Compagnie or VOC ) for 30 years , rising from cabin boy to Director - General at Batavia ( Jakarta ) , only one grade below Governor - General . He was later to become Director - General of the French East Indies Company ( Compagnie française pour le commerce des Indes orientales ) ( 1667 – 1673 ) . He is sometimes considered the first Frenchman to set foot in Japan : he was actually born in Brussels to a family of French Huguenot refugees ; but he only became a naturalized citizen of France when he was persuaded by Colbert to become head of the French East Indies Company , which was intended to compete with the Dutch and the English in Asia . He disputes that honour with the French Dominican missionary Guillaume Courtet .

Emmanuel Joseph Sieyès ( 3 May 1748 – 20 June 1836 ) , most commonly known as the Abbé Sieyès ( ) , was a French Roman Catholic abbé , clergyman and political writer . He was one of the chief political theorists of the French Revolution , and also played a prominent role in the French Consulate and First French Empire . His 1789 pamphlet What is the Third Estate ? became the manifesto of the Revolution , helping to transform the Estates - General into the National Assembly in June 1789 . He was offered a position on the French Directory , but turned it down . After becoming a director in 1799 , he was among the instigators of the coup d'état of 18 Brumaire ( 9 November ) , which brought Napoleon Bonaparte to power . He also coined the term " sociologie " in an unpublished manuscript , and made significant theoretical contributions to the nascent social sciences .

Lake County is a county in the south - central region of the U.S. state of Oregon . As of the 2010 census , the population was 7,895 . Its county seat is Lakeview . The county is named after the many lakes found within its boundaries , including Lake Abert , Summer Lake , Hart Lake , and Goose Lake . Lake County is in the high desert region known as the Oregon Outback , on the northwestern edge of the Great Basin . The county is generally divided between the communities around Lakeview and Paisley to the south and the communities around Christmas Valley , Fort Rock , and Silver Lake to the north . Its economy consists largely of agriculture and natural resource management and extraction . It is home to many large cattle ranches , hay farms , and timber holdings ( both public and private ) , as well as several frontier towns and early 20th - century homesteads . Although lumber was once a primary economic driver in Lake County , today only one mill remains , at Lakeview .

Andrew White ( 27 July 1930 – 9 November 2015 ) was a Scottish drummer , primarily a session musician . He was named one of the " fifth Beatles " as he is best known for replacing Ringo Starr on drums on the Beatles ' first single , " Love Me Do " . White was featured on the American 7 " single release of the song , which also appeared on the band 's debut British album , Please Please Me . He also played on " P.S. I Love You " , which was the B - side of " Love Me Do " . White played with other prominent musicians and groups both in the United Kingdom and the United States , including Chuck Berry , Billy Fury , Herman 's Hermits and Tom Jones . AllMusic called White " one of the busier drummers in England from the late ' 50s through the mid-'70s " .

Bien Hoa Air Base is a Vietnam People 's Air Force ( VPAF ; Vietnamese : Không quân Nhân dân Việt Nam ) military airfield located in South - Central southern Vietnam about from Saigon , across the Dong Nai river in the northern ward of Tân Phong , and within the city of Biên Hòa within Đồng Nai Province . The boomburb city is densely populated and rings the base , despite the astronomical level of agent orange toxins simply left there for decades . The base is scheduled to begin cleanup by 2019 . During the Vietnam War the base was used by the Republic of Vietnam Air Force ( RVNAF ) . The United States used it as a major base from 1961 through 1973 , stationing Army , Air Force ( USAF ) , Navy and Marine units there .

Pacino Horne ( born November 23 , 1983 in Ypsilanti , Michigan ) is a professional Canadian football defensive back who is currently a free agent . He most recently was a member of the Hamilton Tiger - Cats of the Canadian Football League . He signed as a free agent with the Toronto Argonauts on May 30 , 2012 . Horne was a member of the 100th Grey Cup winning team , recording a 25-yard interception return for a touchdown in that game . He also played college football for the Central Michigan Chippewas . On June 17 , 2013 , Horne was cut by the Argonauts . On September 3 , 2013 , Horne signed a practice roster agreement with the Hamilton Tiger - Cats . On September 5 , 2013 , Horne left the Ticats . " Pacino was n't ready to commit completely to being here , wants to explore another potential opportunity , " said head coach Kent Austin .

Microsoft Live Labs was a partnership between MSN and Microsoft Research that focused on applied research for Internet products and services at Microsoft . Live Labs was headed by Dr. Gary William Flake , who prior to joining Microsoft was a principal scientist at Yahoo ! Research Lab and former head of research at the Web portal 's Overture Services division . Live Labs ' focus was on applied research and practical applications of computer science areas including natural language processing , machine learning , information retrieval , data mining , computational linguistics , distributed computing , etc . Microsoft Live Labs was formed on January 24 , 2006 . On October 8 , 2010 , Microsoft announced the shutdown of Live Labs and the transition of its remaining team of 68 to Microsoft Bing . As a consequence Live Labs ' original founder and leader Dr. Gary William Flake has resigned from Microsoft .

The Domus Sanctae Marthae ( Latin for Saint Martha 's House ; in Italian , Casa Santa Marta ) is a building adjacent to St. Peter 's Basilica in Vatican City . Completed in 1996 , during the reign of Pope John Paul II , it is named after Saint Martha the hospitable , who was a sibling to Saints Mary and Lazarus of Bethany . The building functions as a guest house for clergy having business with the Holy See , and as the hotel residence of the members of the College of Cardinals when they are participating in a Papal Conclave to elect a new Pope . Pope Francis has made it his home since his election in March 2013 , declining to use the Papal apartments in the Apostolic Palace .

William Channing A'Beckett ( 1 January 1846 – 16 June 1929 ) was an Australian politician . He was born in Sydney to Arthur Martin A'Beckett , a doctor who served in the New South Wales Legislative Council , and Emma Louise Elwin . He was sent to England to be educated , returning to Australia to farm in New South Wales in 1865 . On 23 February 1884 he married Jessie Gertrude Smith , with whom he had five children . He owned property in the Wellington area , and in 1889 was elected to the New South Wales Legislative Assembly as the Free Trade member for Bogan . Defeated in 1891 , he was re - elected in a by - election in 1892 but did not contest the 1894 election . A'Beckett died at Wellington in 1929 .

The Battle of Kansas ( also known as the " Battle of Wichita " ) was the nickname given to a project to build , modify , and deliver large quantities of the world 's most advanced bomber to the front - lines , originally in Europe and in the Pacific , although due to delay in production , was only used in the Pacific . The battle began as the first B-29 Superfortresses rolled off the production lines of the massive new Boeing factory on the prairies near Wichita , Kansas . The Boeing B-29 Superfortress was a quantum leap in aviation technology which unfortunately came with a lion 's share of problems to be resolved before it was committed to combat operations . When the B-29 was ordered into production , Pearl Harbor had n't even happened yet and the first flight of the XB-29 prototype was still over a year away . On 6 September 1941 the US Army Air Corps ( soon to be the US Army Air Forces ) placed its initial production contract for 250 B-29s , built mainly in Wichita , KS .

Andrew Nicholas Oliver and Philip Edward Oliver , together known as the Oliver Twins , are British twin brothers and video game designers . They began to professionally develop computer games while they were still at school , contributing their first type - in game to a magazine in 1983 . They worked with publishers Codemasters for a number of years following their first collaboration Super Robin Hood , creating the Dizzy series of games and many of Codemasters ' Simulator Series games . At one point during the 1980s it was reported that 7 % of all UK games sales were attributable to the Oliver Twins . In 1990 they founded Interactive Studios which later became Blitz Games Studios . In October 2013 they founded Radiant Worlds , based in Leamington Spa , with long time friend and colleague Richard Smithies .

The Asian Men 's Volleyball Cup , so - called the AVC Cup for Men is an international volleyball competition in Asia and Oceania contested by the top ten senior men 's national teams of the members of Asian Volleyball Confederation ( AVC ) , the sport 's continent governing body . The tournaments have been awarded every two years since 2008 . The current champion is Iran , which won its third title at the 2016 tournament . The 5 Asian Volleyball Cup tournaments have been won by three different national teams . Iran have won three times . The other Asian Volleyball Cup winners are China and South Korea with one title each . The 2016 Asian Men 's Volleyball Cup took place in Nakhon Pathom , Thailand . The next Asian Championship will be hosted by Chinese Taipei in 2018 . This event should not be confused with the other , more prestigious , continental competition for asian national volleyball teams , the Asian Volleyball Championship and Asian Volleyball Challenge Cup .

The Panglong Conference ( ) , held in February 1947 , was an historic meeting that took place at Panglong in the Shan States in Burma between the Shan , Kachin and Chin ethnic minority leaders and Aung San , head of the interim Burmese government . Aung Zan Wai , Pe Khin , Bo Hmu Aung , Sir Maung Gyi , Dr. Sein Mya Maung and Myoma U Than Kywe were among the negotiators of the historical Panglong Conference negotiated with Bamar representative General Aung San and other ethnic leaders in 1947 . All these leaders unanimously decided to join the Union of Burma . On the agenda was the united struggle for independence from Britain and the future of Burma after independence as a unified republic .

Ballblazer is a 1984 futuristic sports game created by Lucasfilm Games . It was originally released for the Atari 8-bit family , then ported to the Atari 5200 , Apple II , ZX Spectrum , Amstrad CPC , Commodore 64 , MSX . and later the Atari 7800 and the Nintendo Famicom . The game was called Ballblaster during development ; pirated versions of the game went by this name as well . The principal creator and programmer of Ballblazer was David Levine . In 1990 , LucasArts and Rainbow Arts released a remake and follow - up to this game , called Masterblazer . This game was released for the Amiga , Atari ST , and MS - DOS . On March 31 , 1997 , a remake of the original titled Ballblazer Champions was released for the Sony PlayStation .

Grettel Barboza ( born September 6 , 1956 in San José ) is a Costa Rican sport shooter . She has been selected to compete for Costa Rica at the 2004 Summer Olympics , finishing thirty - fifth in the air pistol . Barboza qualified as the 47-year - old lone shooter for the Costa Rican squad in the women 's 10 m air pistol at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens . She had been granted an Olympic invitation for her country by ISSF and IOC , having registered a minimum qualifying score of 367 at the ISSF World Cup meet in Atlanta , Georgia , United States three years earlier . Barboza fired a lowly 368 out of a possible 400 to force a three - way tie with fellow Latin American markswomen Amanda Mondol of Colombia and triple Olympian Margarita Tarradell of Cuba for thirty - fifth place in the qualifying round , failing to advance further to the final .

Anil 's Ghost is the critically acclaimed fourth novel by Michael Ondaatje . It was first published in 2000 by McClelland and Stewart . Anil 's Ghost follows the life of Anil Tissera , a native Sri Lankan who left to study in Britain and then the United States on a scholarship , during which time she has become a forensic pathologist . She returns to Sri Lanka in the midst of its merciless civil war as part of a Human Rights Investigation by the United Nations . Anil , along with archaeologist Sarath Diyasena , discovers the skeleton of a recently murdered man in an ancient burial ground which is also a government - protected zone . Believing the murder to be politically motivated , Anil and Sarath set out to identify the skeleton , nicknamed Sailor , and bring about justice for the nameless victims of the war .

Likkutei Sichos , literally , " Collected Talks " ( ) contains both the scope and the core of the teachings of the Lubavitcher Rebbe , Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneerson , and is the most authoritative source text for the Rebbe 's unique , original , and often revolutionary explanation of Judaism . Likkutei Sichos covers a range of topics including ideas in Jewish philosophy and theology , biblical and Talmudic commentary on biblical , kabbalistic expositions , moral and practical directives , and perspectives on world events . The essays were transcribed from the public talks given by Rabbi Schneerson and are compiled in over three dozen volumes , arranged by the weekly Torah portion and special occasions in the Jewish and Hasidic calendar . Likkutei Sichos contains both the scope and the core of the Lubavitcher Rebbe ’s teachings , and is the most authoritative sorce text for the Rebbe 's unique , original , and often revolutionary explanation of Judaism . Rabbi Schneerson 's primary vehicle for conveying his teachings were the farbrengens held on Shabbat , the festivals , and special occasions in the Chabad Lubavitch calendar , at which he would speak for many hours . Of the many of thousands of talks that Schneerson delivered , those that were the most basic to his weltanschauung and message were compiled in the Likkutei Sichot , which originally appeared in weekly pamphlets . He reviewed and extensively edited each of these transcriptions before it went to press , making the Likkutei Sichot the authoritative medium with which to disseminate his teachings . The volumes of Likkutei Sichos are published by the Lubavitch Publication House Kehot Publication Society . The edited Sichos represent much of Schneerson 's central teachings , and unique spiritual voice for the generation , with other major works being the deeper , mystical Maamarim ( Hasidic discourses ) , unedited talks , personal correspondence etc . The nature of his leadership and thought marks a culminating fulfillment of Hasidic history , representing the fullest measure of the Hasidic ideal to disseminate the " wellsprings " of Chassidus in the widest and most accessible forms , and united with the other dimensions of Judaism . The many aspects of Likkutei Sichos present the most accessible form of the Rebbe 's thought , and its practical application .

The municipal flag of Jerusalem is based on the flag of Israel . It features two horizontal blue stripes reminiscent of the tallit ( the Jewish prayer shawl ) . In the center are Jerusalem 's municipal emblem , which consists of a shield with the lion of Judah superimposed on a stylized background representing the kotel , flanked on either side with olive branches . The word ( i.e. , Yerushalayim , Hebrew for " Jerusalem " ) appears above the shield . A vertical variant is sometimes used during ceremonial functions . The flag was adopted in 1949 following a contest held by the municipal government of Jerusalem , which was established by Israel ( in the western part of the city ) . It was made the " flag of a united Jerusalem " following the Six - Day War in 1967 .

Palazzo Uguccioni is a Renaissance palace on the Piazza della Signoria in Florence , central Italy . The palace was built , for Giovanni Uguccioni starting from 1550 . Its design has been variously attributed to Raphael , Michelangelo , Andrea Palladio , Bartolomeo Ammannati or Raffaello da Montelupo , although no proofs exists if not that its drawing came from Rome in 1549 and that its style was reminiscent of Raphael 's or Bramante 's , which were a novelty in Florence at the time . It is the only building in Florence with columns on its façade . The lower floors has three arcades with rustication in pietraforte , the material used for the whole façade . The upper floors have two orders of Ionic ( first floor ) and Corithian ( second floor ) columns . The latter 's pedestals have sculpted coat of arms of the family . Above the entrance is a bust of Francesco I de ' Medici , perhaps executed by Giambologna .

Benjamin James " Ben " Goldsmith ( born 28 October 1980 ) is an English financier and environmentalist . The son of financier James Goldsmith and Lady Annabel Goldsmith he is founder and CEO of London - listed investment firm Menhaden , which focuses on the theme of energy and resource efficiency . Previously he co - founded the sustainability - focused investment firm WHEB , whose private equity business split away in 2014 and now trades under the name Alaina Partners . He has used his personal wealth to support both philanthropic and political projects in the area of the environment and sustainability . He had a high - profile marriage to Rothschild heiress Kate Emma Rothschild which ended in 2012 . The split gained tabloid headlines in the UK after being dubbed the first " Twitter Divorce " for playing out on social media via posts on Twitter . "

The bighead carp ( Hypophthalmichthys nobilis ) is a species of freshwater fish , one of several Asian carps . It is one of the most intensively exploited fishes in aquaculture , with an annual worldwide production of over three million tonnes in 2013 , principally from China . The bighead carp has a large , scaleless head , a large mouth , and eyes located very low on the head . Adults usually have a mottled silver - gray coloration . It is a large fish ; a typical length is , and maximum observed size of and . Bighead carp are native to the large rivers and associated floodplain lakes of eastern Asia . Their range extends from southern China north to the Amur River system , which forms the border between China and Russia . They have been introduced widely outside their native range , including the United States , and they are often considered invasive . The bighead carp has a very fast growth rate , which makes it a lucrative aquaculture fish . Unlike the common carp , bighead carp are primarily filter feeders . They preferentially consume zooplankton , but also phytoplankton and detritus .

The Imperial Brazilian Navy ( Portuguese : Armada Nacional , commonly known as Armada Imperial ) was the navy created at the time of the independence of the Empire of Brazil from the United Kingdom of Portugal , Brazil and the Algarves . It existed between 1822 and 1889 during the vigency of the constitutional monarchy . The Navy was formed almost entirely by ships , staff , organizations and doctrines proceeding from the transference of the Portuguese Royal Family in 1808 . Some of its members were native - born Brazilians , who under Portugal had been forbidden to serve . Other members were Portuguese who adhered to the cause of separation and German and Irish mercenaries . Some establishments created by King João VI were used and incorporated . Under the reign of Emperor Pedro II the Navy was greatly expanded to become the fifth most powerful navy in the world and the armed force more popular and loyal to the Brazilian monarchy . The republican coup d'état in 1889 , led by army men , put an end to the Imperial Navy that fell into decay until the new century .

Hussein - Ali Montazeri ( 24 September 1922 – 19 December 2009 ; , ) was an Iranian Shia Islamic theologian , Islamic democracy advocate , writer and human rights activist . He was one of the leaders of the Iranian Revolution in 1979 . He was once the designated successor to the revolution 's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khomeini , with whom he had a falling - out in 1989 over government policies that Montazeri claimed infringed on people 's freedom and denied them their rights . Montazeri spent his later years in Qom , and remained politically influential in Iran , especially to the reformist movement . He was widely known as the most knowledgeable senior Islamic scholar in Iran and a Grand Marja ( religious authority ) of Shia Islam . For more than two decades , Hussein - Ali Montazeri was one of the main critics of the Islamic Republic 's domestic and foreign policy . He had also been an active advocate of Baha'i rights , civil rights and women 's rights in Iran . Montazeri was a prolific writer of books and articles . He was a staunch proponent of an Islamic state , and he argued that post - revolutionary Iran was not being ruled as an Islamic state .

Between June 5 and 6 , 1963 , the Guinean president Sékou Touré made an official visit to Brazzaville , the capital of the Republic of the Congo . He was received by the Congolese president Fulbert Youlou . The visit sparked protests against the Congolese government , marking a beginning to the popular movement that would end Youlou 's rule two months later . Touré 's visit followed a visit by Youlou to Guinea in 1962 . During the visit economic cooperation between the two countries was discussed , and Touré pledged that Guinean bauxite and iron would be made available for Congolese needs for industrialization . At a speech at the Brazzaville City Hall , Touré denounced the reactionary policies and extravagant lifestyle of the Congolese leadership . He called on the peoples to overthrow the regimes of exploiters and imperialist lackeys . The speech was met with appalause and praise from Congolese trade unionists , who hailed him with slogans such as ' Long live the president of Africa ! Youths and trade unionists took to the streets . Slogans raised included ' Long live the independence of Africa ! ' , ' Down with Fulbert Youlou ! ' and ' Down with those who plunder the Congo ' . These protests marked the beginning of more politicized trade union militancy . Discontent with Youlou 's rule continued to simmer . Following Touré 's visit , Youlou sought to reach a compromise with trade unions and youth movements through power - sharing in a provisional government . However , on August 13 a strike was declared , and Youlou 's rule was finished during the wave of protests which came to be known as the Trois Glorieuses .

Diane Ladd ( born November 29 , 1935 ) is an American actress , film director , producer and author . She has appeared in over 120 film and television roles . For the 1974 film Alice Does n't Live Here Anymore , she won the BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress . She went on to win the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress on Television for Alice ( 1980 – 81 ) , and to receive Academy Award nominations for Wild at Heart ( 1990 ) and Rambling Rose ( 1991 ) . Her other film appearances include Chinatown ( 1974 ) , Ghosts of Mississippi ( 1996 ) , Primary Colors ( 1998 ) , 28 Days ( 2000 ) , and American Cowslip ( 2008 ) . Ladd is the mother of actress Laura Dern , with her ex - husband , actor Bruce Dern .

Joseph Meyer ( March 12 , 1894 – June 22 , 1987 ) was an American songwriter who wrote some of the most notable songs of the first half of the twentieth century . Meyer collaborated with many famous songwriters of the day including Buddy DeSylva , Al Lewis and Al Sherman . Three of his most famous songs were the 1922 hit , " California , Here I Come " , " My Honey 's Lovin' Arms " ( 1922 ) and " If You Knew Susie " ( 1925 ) , a song he co - wrote with Buddy DeSylva . Meyer songs have been featured in over 120 motion picture soundtracks . He wrote the melody to " A Cup of Coffee , a Sandwich , and You " , lyrics by Al Dubin and Billy Rose , often used in Warner Brothers ' cartoons during scenes of hunger , cooking and eating . Wayne Newton recorded his song " Summer Colors " in 1967 where it reached # 20 on the U.S. adult contemporary chart .

Nancy M. O'Fallon Dowdy is an American nuclear physicist who was instrumental in nuclear disarmament negotiations between the U.S. and the Soviet Union after the Cold War . She received her doctorate in physics in 1966 . After she developed her career as a nuclear physicist , she turned to politics , where she served as a representative of the United States on a commission for arms control . In 1992 she was nominated by Pres . George H. W. Bush to be Special Representative for Arms Control Negotiation and Disarmament in the aftermath of the Cold War . She has been designated a Fellow of the American Physical Society , in recognition of her role on treaty verification , her research accomplishments and leadership in research , and leadership and service on behalf of women in physics .

" Live and Let Die " is the main theme song of the 1973 James Bond film Live and Let Die , written by Paul and Linda McCartney and performed by Wings . It was the most successful Bond theme to that point , charting at No . 2 on the US Billboard Hot 100 and No . 9 on the UK Singles Chart . Commissioned specifically for the movie , it reunited the former Beatle with the band 's producer , George Martin , who produced the song and arranged the orchestra . It has been covered by several bands , with the Guns N ' Roses version being the most popular cover . Both the McCartney and the Guns N ' Roses versions were nominated for Grammy Awards . In 2012 , McCartney was awarded the Million - Air Award from Broadcast Music , Inc. ( BMI ) , for more than 4 million performances of the song in the US .

Bruce McLean ( born 1944 ) is a Scottish sculptor , performance artist and painter . McLean was born in Glasgow and studied at Glasgow School of Art from 1961 to 1963 , and at Saint Martin 's School of Art , London , from 1963 to 1966 . At Saint Martin 's , McLean studied with Anthony Caro and Phillip King . In reaction to what he regarded as the academicism of his teachers he began making sculpture from rubbish . McLean has gained international recognition for his paintings , ceramics , prints , work with film , theatre and books . McLean was Head of Graduate Painting at The Slade School of Fine Art London He has had numerous one man exhibitions including Tate Gallery in London , The Modern Art Gallery in Vienna and Museum of Modern Art , Oxford . In 1985 , he won the John Moores Painting Prize . Mclean lives and works in London . His son is the architect Will McLean .

Tamlyn Naomi Tomita ( born January 27 , 1966 ) is a Japanese - American actress and singer . She made her screen debut in a leading role in The Karate Kid Part II ( 1986 ) , and later was leading and supporting roles in films Come See the Paradise ( 1990 ) , The Joy Luck Club ( 1993 ) , Picture Bride ( 1994 ) , Four Rooms ( 1995 ) , Robot Stories ( 2003 ) , The Day After Tomorrow ( 2004 ) and ( 2005 ) . Tomita also has played several recurring roles on television series , include 24 , Glee , Teen Wolf and How to Get Away with Murder . She starred on the Epix drama series Berlin Station ( 2016 ) , and in 2017 began starring in the ABC medical drama The Good Doctor .

, also known as Baisetsu Nobutada , was a Japanese samurai . He was the son of Anayama Nobutomo and a nephew of Takeda Shingen . He became famous as one the " Twenty - Four Generals of Takeda Shingen " . He fought for his uncle at the Battle of Kawanakajima ( 1561 ) , the Battle of Mikatagahara ( 1573 ) , and the Battle of Nagashino before defecting to the service of Tokugawa Ieyasu , aiding him in his campaign against Takeda Katsuyori . He was rewarded by Tokugawa with a fief in Shinano Province for his service , but was captured and burned to death by Takeda sympathizers soon afterwards . He had one son , Anayama Nobukimi , who lived for just fifteen years , 1572 to 1587 .

Southwest National Park is a national park located in the south - west of Tasmania , Australia and forms part of the Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Area . Covering an area of , it is Tasmania 's largest national park . The park is well known for its pristine wilderness and remoteness . Weather in the park is highly changeable , and can be severe . The area is largely unaffected by humans . Although evidence shows Tasmanian Aborigines have visited the area for at least 25,000 years , and European settlers have made occasional forays into the park area since the 19th century , there has been very little permanent habitation and only minimal impact on the natural environment . Within the area there is only one road , to the hydroelectricity township of Strathgordon . The southern and western reaches of the park are far removed from any vehicular access . The only access is by foot , boat , or light aircraft . The tiny locality of Melaleuca in the extreme south - west provides an airstrip and some very basic facilities , mainly to service the National Park Service .

Dropmire is a surveillance program by the United States 's National Security Agency ( NSA ) aimed at surveillance of foreign embassies and diplomatic staff , including those of NATO allies . The program 's existence was revealed in June 2013 by whistleblower Edward Snowden in The Guardian newspaper . The report reveals that at least 38 foreign embassies were under surveillance , some of them as far back as 2007 . Earlier in June 2013 , The Guardian had reported that the NSA spied on diplomats during the 2009 G-20 London Summit , but no precise program name was revealed at the time . Diplomatic spying by the United States had been revealed as far back as 2010 , when it was revealed that US agencies had spied on UN chief Ban Ki - moon – at the time , it was not known that this had been done as part of a systematic program .

Hu Ge ( , born 20 September 1982 ) is a Chinese actor and singer . While studying at the Shanghai Theater Academy , he was invited to play the leading role Li Xiaoyao in the 2005 television series Chinese Paladin , and immediately skyrocketed to fame as one of China 's most popular actors . In September 2012 , he was nominated for Best Newcomer at the 31st Hundred Flowers Awards for his role as Lin Juemin in Chinese historical film 1911 . He is best known for his role as Mei Changsu in the 2015 television drama Nirvana in Fire , for which he received the Best Actor Award at the 22nd Magnolia Awards . Hu Ge is currently managed by Hu Ge Studio , contracted under Tangren Media .

Echo Summit is a mountain pass over the Sierra Nevada in the western United States , located in eastern El Dorado County , California . At above sea level , it is the highest point on U.S. Route 50 in California , which traverses it at postmile 66.48 between Twin Bridges and Meyers , south of Lake Tahoe . The " Sierra Nevada Southern Route " ( aka the " Pioneer Route " ) of the Lincoln Highway , the first road across the United States , was routed over nearby Johnson Pass in 1913 . The current alignment over Echo Summit was constructed between 1936 and 1939 . The " Sierra Nevada Northern Route " of the Lincoln Highway went over Donner Pass . Echo Summit is a trailhead for the Pacific Coast National Scenic Trail .

The South San Francisco Hillside Sign is a historic sign on a hillside overlooking the city of South San Francisco in San Mateo County , California . It was created in the 1920s and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places . The sign is the main feature of Sign Hill Park , a city park which provides of open space , almost of hiking trails , and access to the letters of the sign itself . Easily visible to drivers on northbound U.S. 101 , the sign spells out " SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO THE INDUSTRIAL CITY " in white - painted concrete letters . The letters are set on the south side of a steep hill , part of the San Bruno Mountains , overlooking the city . In order to create the appearance of straight , uniformly sized type despite the varied contour of the hillside , the letters are laid out anamorphically , ranging in height from .

Huracán Ramírez ( Spanish for " Hurricane Ramirez " ) was the ring name of Mexican luchador enmascarado , or masked professional wrestler Daniel García Arteaga ( April 9 , 1926 – October 31 , 2006 ) . García was neither the first , nor the last , wrestler to work under the name " Huracán Ramírez " . He was given the name in the mid-1950s , when the wrestler Eduardo Bonada who originally played Huracan in the 1952 film Huracán Ramírez decided to give up the role in the ring because he no longer wanted to obscure his face with the mask . Thus Garcia became the 2nd wrestler to wrestle in the ring under the Huracan identity . During his career , his true identity was a closely guarded secret except to the closest family and friends , more closely guarded that any other luchador of that period . Following his retirement the " Huracán Ramírez " name and mask has been used by others , primarily because García did not own the rights to the name and the mask . García , as Huracán Ramírez , was considered one of the most talented luchadors of his time and one of the most iconic luchadors of all time alongside wrestlers such as Santo , Blue Demon and Mil Mascaras . He invented and popularized a move called the / la Huracánrana , a move that is now commonly used by smaller , high flying professional wrestlers all over the world . During his career he worked as Huracán Ramírez in at least five of the eight movies in the Huracán Ramírez movie series , starting with the second one in 1962 . He also played the part of Santo in a biographical movie produced by Santo 's son El Hijo del Santo .

" On the Knocking at the Gate in Macbeth " is an essay in Shakespearean criticism by the English author Thomas De Quincey , first published in the October 1823 edition of The London Magazine . Though brief , less than 2000 words in length , it has been called " De Quincey 's finest single critical piece " and " one of the most penetrating critical footnotes in our literature " . Commentators who are dismissive of De Quincey 's literary criticism in general make an exception for his essay on Macbeth . The essay concerns Act II , scene three in The Tragedy of Macbeth , in which the murder of King Duncan by Macbeth and Lady Macbeth is succeeded by Macduff and Lennox knocking at the gate of the castle . The knocking ends Act II , scene 2 and opens II , 3 , the Porter scene . De Quincey wrote that for him , the knocking always had a pronounced effect : " it reflected back upon the murderer a peculiar awfulness and a depth of solemnity ... " De Quincey could not account rationally for this response , according to the then - accepted canons of literary criticism ; and he proceeded , through his essay , to venture a more psychological interpretation than had previously been applied to Shakespeare . The essay foreshadows the psychological approaches of much later criticism . De Quincey 's biographer Horace Ainsworth Eaton called the essay " penetrating and philosophic " , adding that De Quincey in this essay " produced conclusions as significant as anything in Coleridge or Hazlitt " . De Quincey also views his responses to the play in reference to another of his classic essays , " On Murder Considered as one of the Fine Arts " .

Cape Enrage is the name given to the southern tip of Barn Marsh Island , an island located in Albert County , New Brunswick , Canada , roughly half way along the coastline between the villages of Riverside - Albert and Alma at the eastern entrance to Fundy National Park . Accessible from Route 915 , the island itself is surrounded by jagged sea cliffs that are often more than 50 metres ( 145   ft ) high , and is separated from the mainland by a narrow tidal creek . Cape Enrage derives its name from the large reef that extends south into Chignecto Bay , which causes the water off the point to become extremely violent , particularly at half tide when the reef is partially exposed and the water is moving quickly .

Christian Kramer ( died 1834 ) was a composer , arranger , musician and Master of the King 's Musick between 1829 and 1834 . He served under two British kings ; George IV and William IV . Kramer was born in Hannover and was a pupil of Romantic composer Peter Winter . He became a court musician , eventually rising to lead George IV 's personal orchestra ( " band " ) which , according to Dwight 's Journal of Music was " in its time acknowledged to be one of the best in Europe " . Notably , many of the musicians in his band were sourced from Germany . John Dwight goes on to note that he could play all of the instruments in his orchestra to a remarkable degree . A Dictionary of Musical Information of 1876 notes that he was " a composer of great ability " , although none of his compositions have remained in the repertoire . He was apparently on good terms with the king ; according to one account , like George IV , Kramer suffered from gout and was often inquired of by his master " after a simultaneous attack " .

Solferino ( Upper Mantovano : ) is a small town and comune in the province of Mantua , Lombardy , northern Italy , approximately south of Lake Garda . It is best known as being close to the site of the Battle of Solferino on 24 June 1859 , part of the Second Italian War of Independence . The battle ended with Italo - French capture of the Rocca , the fortress then in Austrian hands . The wounded in the battle were witnessed by the Swiss businessman Jean - Henri Dunant , who had traveled to Italy to meet French emperor Napoléon III with the intention of discussing difficulties in conducting business in Algeria , at that time occupied by France . Horrified by the suffering of wounded soldiers left on the battlefield , Dunant completely abandoned the original intent of his trip and for several days he devoted himself to helping with the treatment and care for the wounded . He succeeded in organizing an overwhelming level of relief assistance by motivating the local villagers to aid without discrimination . Back in his home in Geneva , he set about a process that led to the Geneva Conventions and the establishment of the International Committee of the Red Cross by writing a book entitled A Memory of Solferino which he published with his own money in 1862 and thus initiated the process . From 23 to 28 June 2009 , on the occasion of the 150th anniversary of the battle , a series of events gathering thousands of Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement volunteers from all around the world took place in Solferino , under the name of Solferino 2009 Celebrations .

Princess Diana 's Revenge is a novel written by the English writer Michael de Larrabeiti and self - published in 2006 , under the imprint " Tallis House " , which is the name used by de Larrabeiti for publishing his own works . In the context of de Larrabeiti 's other works , it is perhaps closest in tone to his thrillers The Bunce and The Hollywood Takes , dealing with conspiracy theories and partly featuring the documentary film business in which de Larrabeiti 's earlier novels were set . Despite de Larrabeiti being an established author of thirty years ' standing , Princess Diana 's Revenge was turned down by his literary agents , Curtis Brown . The novel was then turned down by over thirty publishers in the United Kingdom . In response to this de Larrabeiti decided to self - publish under his own imprint , " Tallis House " . He is one of the first established authors to self - publish , along with the Canadian writer Jim Munroe . The book tells the story of Joe Rapps , a director and cameraman who slips into the surreal world of Milton Magna , an Oxfordshire village which is based on the real village of Great Milton where de Larrabeiti lived for over thirty years . Rapps is drawn into various conspiracy theories revolving around the Friends of Diana , a cult which has grown up around the memory of Diana , Princess of Wales , and is determined to avenge her death in a car crash in Paris on 31 August 1997 . Although the book is not as explicitly anti - authoritarian as de Larrabeiti 's most famous work , The Borrible Trilogy , its satire of members of the royal family ensure that the book is run - through with the anti - authoritarianism that is present in all of de Larrabeiti 's work .

The Scientific and Cultural Facilities District ( SCFD ) is a special regional tax district of the State of Colorado that provides funding for art , music , theater , dance , zoology , botany , natural history , or cultural history organizations in the Denver Metropolitan Area . In 1988 , voters in the Denver region created the SCFD to provide a consistent source of unrestricted funding to scientific and cultural organizations . The SCFD is funded by a 0.1 % sales and use tax that provided funding to 240 organizations in 2015 . The district comprises seven counties in the Denver Metropolitan Area : Adams , Arapahoe , Boulder , Broomfield , Denver , Douglas , and Jefferson . Every twelve years , voters in the district decide whether to renew the district or to dissolve it . Most recently , in 2016 voters opted to renew the district for the period 2018 to 2030 .

Jasun Martz is an American record producer , composer , musician , fine artist , creative director and sculptor who has worked on several # 1 internationally best selling hit records but is probably best known for his contemporary classical symphonies . He has recorded with Michael Jackson , toured with Frank Zappa and helped arrange one of rock music 's best selling hits : " We Built this City " by Starship . Also a renowned New York based painter and sculptor , Martz has lived in New York , Los Angeles and London and has created and exhibited " raw expressionist " paintings and papier - mâché sculpture inspired by the subway passengers he encounters in each city . He collaborated with French modern master Jean Dubuffet ( the founder of art brut ) on Martz 's critically acclaimed avant - garde/ contemporary classical symphony entitled The Pillory .

Sphecomyrminae is an extinct subfamily of ants in family Formicidae known from a series of Cretaceous fossils found in North America , Europe , and Asia . Sphecomyrminae contains ten genera , divided into two tribes , Haidomyrmecini and Sphecomyrmini . The tribe Haidomyrmecini contains the four genera Ceratomyrmex , Haidomyrmex , Haidomyrmodes , Haidoterminus and Linguamyrmex , while Sphecomyrmini contains Baikuris , Cretomyrma , Dlusskyidris , Sphecomyrma , and Zigrasimecia . The genus Sphecomyrmodes was formerly placed into Sphecomyrmini ; however , in 2016 , it was made a synonym of the stem group genus Gerontoformica , which is considered incertae sedis in Formicidae . Sphecomyrminae is the most basal of the Formicidae subfamilies , but has not been included in several recent phylogenetic studies of the family . Symplesiomorphies of the subfamily include the structure of the antenna , which has a short basal segment and a flexible group of segments below the antenna tip . The petiole is low and rounded , with an unrestricted gaster and the presence of a metapleural gland . The subfamily is characterized by three major synapomorphies , the short pedicel , a second flagellar segment that is double the length of the other antenna segments , and the loss of the apical end of the CuA veins in the wings of adult males .

John William Bosley , ( born May 4 , 1947 ) is a Canadian former politician . He is best known for having been Speaker of the House of Commons of Canada from November 5 , 1984 to September 29 , 1986 . He received a BA in 1968 from the University of Trinity College in the University of Toronto . Prior to his election to Parliament , he was a businessman . A member of the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada , he was first elected in the 1979 election in the riding of Don Valley West in Toronto . He served as Parliamentary Secretary to Prime Minister Joe Clark . He was re - elected in the 1980 and 1984 elections . After the 1984 election , he was named Speaker of the House of Commons . On June 27 , 1985 , the House adopted changes to the Standing Orders , providing for the election of the Speaker by secret ballot . The first such election took place on September 30 , 1986 , when Bosley tendered his resignation , and presided over the election of John Fraser as the thirty - second Speaker of the House of Commons . Bosley was re - elected as a Member of Parliament ( MP ) in 1988 election before being defeated in the 1993 election in which the Progressive Conservative Party was reduced from 157 MPs to two . Since 1993 , Bosley has served as Advisor on Institutional Development to Parliaments all over the world but primarily in sub - Saharan Africa .

Normal Lyceum of Helsinki ( In Finnish ; Helsingin normaalilyseo ) is a school in Helsinki , Finland , consisting of the upper part of primary school ( peruskoulun yläaste , grades 7 to 9 ) and secondary school ( lukio ) . Unlike most other schools in Helsinki , the school is not owned by the city of Helsinki , but is instead part of the University of Helsinki , which itself is owned directly by the state of Finland . The school is considered one of the most prestigious . It is the second hardest to get into , in the entire country , tied with Ressun Lukio . The most difficult one is Helsingin yliopiston Viikin normaalikoulu , which is also owned by the University of Helsinki . The established nickname for the school is Norssi , which also means a student of the school . Former students who have graduated from the school are called vanha Norssi ( Finnish for " old Norssi " ) . The school has a constant , good - natured rivalry with Ressun lukio ( Ressu Upper Secondary School , previously known as " Helsingin reaalilyseo " ) and Helsingin Suomalainen Yhteiskoulu which are considered even more prestigious than the Normal Lyceum by some .

Sefer Nizzahon Yashan ( ספר ניצחון ) " The ( old ) Book of Victory " is an anonymous 13th Century Jewish apologetic text originating in Germany . The name " old " ( Hebrew yashan , Latin vetus ) is attached to distinguish the work from Yom - Tov Lipmann - Muhlhausen of Prague 's work of the same name , Sefer Nizzahon , written between 1401 - 1405 . A modern edition was published by Mordechai Breuer in 1978 , and a critical edition by David Berger ( professor ) in 2008 ( 1st ed . : Philadelphia , Jewish Publication Society , 1979 ) . The work was known and responded to by Protestant Hebraists and polemicists , including Johann Reuchlin , Sebastian Münster , Wolfgang Capito , Immanuel Tremellius , Jean Calvin , and Martin Luther .

Shadowrun : Hong Kong is a turn - based tactical role - playing video game set in the Shadowrun universe . It was developed and published by Harebrained Schemes , who previously developed Shadowrun Returns and its standalone expansion , . It includes a new single - player campaign and also shipped with a level editor that lets players create their own Shadowrun campaigns and share them with other players . In January 2015 , Harebrained Schemes launched a Kickstarter campaign in order to fund additional features and content they wanted to add to the game , but determined would not have been possible with their current budget . The initial funding goal of US$ 100,000 was met in only a few hours . The campaign ended the following month , receiving over $ 1.2 million . The game was developed with an improved version of the engine used with Shadowrun Returns and Dragonfall . Harebrained Schemes decided to develop the game only for Microsoft Windows , OS X , and Linux , so that they did not have to factor in the hardware limitations of tablets , as they did with their previous Shadowrun games . The game was released worldwide in August 2015 . An extended edition , featuring a new campaign , a developer commentary , and bug fixes for the original game , was released in February 2016 . The update was released for free for everybody who owned the original game .

Samuel Musgrave , FRS ( 29 September 1732 – 5 July 1780 ) was an English classical scholar and physician . Musgrave was born at Washfield in Devon , and was educated at the University of Oxford . There he was elected to a Radcliffe travelling fellowship , and he spent several years abroad . In 1766 he settled at Exeter , but moved to Plymouth to improve his career prospects . Everything went wrong when he published a pamphlet in the form of an address to the people of Devon , accusing certain members of the British government of having been bribed by the French government to conclude the Treaty of Paris ( 1763 ) , and declaring that Chevalier Charles d'Eon de Beaumont , the French minister plenipotentiary to England , had in his possession documents which would prove the truth of his assertion . Eon de Beaumont denied all knowledge of any such transaction and of Musgrave himself , and the House of Commons in 1770 decided that the charge was unsubstantiated . The discredited Musgrave was obliged to earn a meagre living in London by writing until his death , in reduced circumstances . He wrote several medical works , now forgotten ; and his edition of Euripides ( 1778 ) was a considerable advance on that of Joshua Barnes .

In the U.S. English slang , egghead is an anti - elitist epithet used to refer to intellectuals or people considered too out - of - touch with ordinary people and too lacking in realism , common sense , sexual interests , etc . on account of their intellectual interests . It was part of a widespread anti - elitist social movement that insisted that credentialed intellectuals were not the only smart people , but that serious human intelligence could be found widespread among ordinary people regardless of class , race or gender . A similar , though not necessarily pejorative , British term is boffin . The term egghead reached its peak currency during the 1950s , when vice - presidential candidate Richard Nixon used it against Democratic Presidential nominee Adlai Stevenson . It was used by Clinton advisor Paul Begala in the 2008 presidential campaign to describe Senator Barack Obama 's supporters when he said , " Obama ca n't win with just the eggheads and African - Americans . "

River of Dreams is the twelfth studio album by American singer - songwriter Billy Joel , released on August 10 , 1993 . He stopped recording new music as a performer after this album although he has subsequently released live albums and composed the music for an instrumental album performed by Hyung - ki Joo . River of Dreams presented a much more serious tone from Joel than found in his previous albums , dealing with issues such as trust and long - lasting love . It was rumored that the themes of trust and betrayal , particularly certain lyrics from the songs " A Minor Variation " and " The Great Wall of China " , stem from Joel 's legal disputes with his former manager and ex - brother - in - law , Frank Weber , who reportedly embezzled millions of dollars from Joel and used dubious accounting practices to cover it up . The album cover was a painting by Joel 's then - wife , Christie Brinkley . In 1993 , Rolling Stone gave the Top Picks award for " The Best Album Cover of the Year " . The music video for the title track has over 20 million views on YouTube as of April 6 , 2018 .

Mariechen M. Wehselau ( May 15 , 1906 – July 12 , 1992 ) , also known by her married name Mariechen Jackson , was an American competition swimmer , Olympic champion , and world record - holder . Wehselau represented the United States at the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris . She won a gold medal as a member of the winning U.S. team in the 4×100-meter freestyle relay , together with American teammates Euphrasia Donnelly , Gertrude Ederle and Ethel Lackie . The U.S. relay team set a new world record of 4:58.8 in the event final . Individually , she also received a silver medal for her second - place performance in the 100-meter freestyle , finishing with a time of 1:12.8 , immediately behind American teammate Ethel Lackie . After the Games Wehselau was invited by the Australian Swimming Association to compete in local championships and perform in exhibitions . She then returned to Hawaii , where from 1928 to 1937 she trained swimmers together with her past coach Dad Center . In 1989 she was inducted into the International Swimming Hall of Fame as an " Honor Pioneer Swimmer " . She died in Honolulu , Hawaii in 1992 .

S. Ali Raza ( 9 January 1925 – 1 November 2007 ) was an Indian film screenwriter and director associated with writing the script for hit films such as Aan , Andaz , Mother India , Reshma Aur Shera , Raja Jani and Dus Numbri . In 1968 he won the Filmfare award as the best dialogue writer for Saraswatichandra . In 1975 he directed a film titled Pran Jaye Par Vachan Na Jaye . He was married to actress Nimmi who appeared in Uran Khatola , Barsaat , Deedar , Amar , Aan , Char Paise , Rajdhani , Shamma , Pooja Ke Phool , Mere Mehboob for which he had written the dialogues . He and Nimmi lived in Mumbai until his death at the age of 85 on 1 November 2007 .

Julio Rafael Pineda ( born December 20 , 1937 ) is a retired Cuban - American television news reporter who spent four decades as anchor for the Spanish language station WXTV , the Univision affiliate in New York City . Born in Baracoa , Cuba , he immigrated to the United States before his 20th birthday . He began his career at the Spanish - language station WXTV in 1968 . Pineda was the lead news anchor on WXTV until 1988 , when he became host of the first Spanish - language local interview program in the tri - state area , Punto y Aparte until it ended a year later , in 1989 . He led WXTV to first place among New York 's Spanish language newscasts and was the first Spanish - speaking news anchor to interview both political figures and celebrities , such as Bill Clinton and Desi Arnaz .

The Battle of Stamford Bridge took place at the village of Stamford Bridge , East Riding of Yorkshire , in England on 25 September 1066 , between an English army under King Harold Godwinson and an invading Norwegian force led by King Harald Hardrada and the English king 's brother Tostig Godwinson . After a bloody battle , both Hardrada and Tostig along with most of the Norwegians were killed . Although Harold Godwinson repelled the Norwegian invaders , his army was defeated by the Normans at Hastings less than three weeks later . The battle has traditionally been presented as symbolising the end of the Viking Age , although major Scandinavian campaigns in Britain and Ireland occurred in the following decades , such as those of King Sweyn Estrithson of Denmark in 1069 – 1070 and King Magnus Barefoot of Norway in 1098 and 1102 – 1103 .

John Dennis McCrate ( October 1 , 1802 – September 11 , 1879 ) was a United States Representative from Maine . He was born in Wiscasset on October 1 , 1802 . McCrate graduated from Bowdoin College in 1819 . He studied law , was admitted to the bar and practiced in Damariscotta and in Wiscasset . McCrate was elected a member of the Maine House of Representatives . McCrate was elected as a Democrat to the Twenty - ninth Congress ( March 4 , 1845 – March 3 , 1847 ) . He resumed the practice of law in Wiscasset before moving to Boston , Massachusetts , continuing the practice of his profession until 1852 when he moved to Sutton , Massachusetts and engaged in agricultural pursuits .

Erinnyis lassauxii ( Lassaux 's sphinx ) is a moth of the Family Sphingidae . It lives from northern Argentina , through Central America , and into the lower United States ( Texas , New Mexico , and Arizona ) . The wingspan is 92–105   mm . The upperside of the forewing is dark brown with gray streaks along the inner margin and a gray patch at the tip of the wing . The upperside of the hindwing is dark brown with varying amounts of dark orange at the base . Adults are on wing year round in the tropics and have been recorded from July to October in Arizona , in December in Texas and in September in southern Florida . Adults feed on the nectar of various flowers , including Saponaria officinalis and Cynanchum racemosum . The caterpillars of this species feed on papaya ( Carica papaya ) , Manihot esculenta in the spurge Family ( Euphorbiaceae ) , and several plants in the milkweed family ( Asclepiadaceae ) .

Paul Marie Bonaparte ( February 19 , 1809 in Canino – September 7 , 1827 in Nafplio ) fought in the Greek War of Independence . Paul Marie Bonaparte was the third child of Lucien Bonaparte and Alexandrine de Bleschamp . He studied at the University of Bologna . In March 1827 he secretly left the city , and under an assumed name , went to Greece to take part in the Greek War of Independence . Arriving first at the Ionian Islands , Bonaparte was welcomed August 24 at Poros by the British Admiral Cochrane , who was entrusted with command of the Greek fleet . Bonaparte served on the flagship frigate Hellas , which after a series of unsuccessful operations stood off in the strait of the island Spetses . On 6 September 1827 , on board the Hellas , Bonaparte was mortally wounded while cleaning his own gun and died the day after . After the end of the war in 1832 , Bonaparte was buried in a mausoleum on the island of Sphacteria , close to the French sailors who fell in the Battle of Navarino .

The Florida State League Manager of the Year Award is an annual award given to the best manager in minor league baseball 's Florida State League . In 2004 , Omar Malavé won the first ever Florida State League Manager of the Year Award . Malavé is also the only manager to have won the award multiple times ( 2004 , 2008 , and 2014 ) . Four managers from the Dunedin Blue Jays have been selected for the Manager of the Year Award , more than any other teams in the league , followed by the Fort Myers Miracle and St. Lucie Mets and Tampa Yankees ( 2 ) ; the Brevard County Manatees , Charlotte Stone Crabs , Clearwater Threshers , Lakeland Tigers , and Palm Beach Cardinals ( 1 ) . Four managers each from the Toronto Blue Jays Major League Baseball ( MLB ) organization have won the Manager of the Year Award , more than any other , followed by the Minnesota Twins , New York Mets , and New York Yankees organizations ( 2 ) ; and the Detroit Tigers , Milwaukee Brewers , Philadelphia Phillies , St. Louis Cardinals , and Tampa Bay Rays organizations ( 1 ) .

Equo ( also spelled Q , or eQuo ) is a Spanish political party founded on 4 June 2011 , when 35 different Spanish green parties agreed to merge into EQUO . It began as a foundation on 24 September 2010 with the goal of becoming " the seed and source of debate about political ecology and social equity , originating a sociopolitical movement " . The first election it contested was the Spanish general election , 2011 , obtaining 216,748 votes ( 0.9 % ) , making it the 9th most supported party . The party was fifth in Madrid , achieving representation thanks to the Valencian coalition Compromís - Q , in which EQUO participated . In Catalonia , the European Green Party is represented by the Initiative for Catalonia Greens . At the national elections of 20 December 2015 EQUO joined the list of Podemos . This resulted in seats for three EQUO candidates : Juantxo López de Uralde , Rosa Martínez and Jorge Luis Bail .

Directorio Revolucionario Estudiantil ( DRE ) ( English : Student Revolutionary Directorate ) was a Cuban student group which in opposition to Cuban dictator Fulgencio Batista from 1954 to 1957 played a role in the Cuban Revolution , which came to power in 1959 . In 1960 , the Directorio was relaunched in opposition to Fidel Castro and moved its base to the United States , where it soon developed links with the Central Intelligence Agency . In August 1962 it carried out an attack on a beachfront Havana hotel . As of 1963 it was the largest anti - Castro student group in Miami ; it also had a chapter in New Orleans , where it had contact with Lee Harvey Oswald in mid-1963 . Immediately after the 22 November 1963 assassination of John F. Kennedy , it launched a campaign asserting that Lee Harvey Oswald had been acting on behalf of the Cuban government . The group lost its CIA support in December 1966 .

OSCAR ( Open System for CommunicAtion in Realtime ) is AOL 's flagship instant messaging and presence information protocol . It was used by AOL 's AIM instant messaging system and ICQ . Despite its name , the specifications for the protocol remain proprietary . AOL has gone to great lengths to keep competitors ( namely Microsoft , XMPP , and Cerulean Studios ) from implementing compatible clients for their proprietary messaging systems . In 2002 , AOL signed a contract with Apple , Inc. , allowing them to use OSCAR ( as well as AOL 's own code libraries ) in their iChat application . This allowed iChat users to interact with ICQ and AIM users directly . The deal also permitted users of Apple 's .Mac service to log into the AIM network using their .Mac email addresses . ( This has carried over to Apple 's MobileMe service . ) The OSCAR protocol can be used separately from AOL 's network . In fact , AOL expands on the general concept of OSCAR , adding systems for service side buddy lists and icons , as well as features for file transfers ( using Bonjour . ) On March 6 , 2006 , AOL released the AIM SDK and launched a developer website , allowing developers to build plugins for AIM Triton , and build their own custom clients , which connect over the OSCAR protocol . They had not , at that point , however , released any information about the protocol itself . On March 5 , 2008 , AOL released portions of the OSCAR protocol documentation . Google also provided the ability to sign into AIM network via the Google Talk client built into Gmail .

The Edict of Nantes ( French : édit de Nantes ) , signed in April 1598 by King Henry IV of France , granted the Calvinist Protestants of France ( also known as Huguenots ) substantial rights in the nation , which was still considered essentially Catholic at the time . In the edict , Henry aimed primarily to promote civil unity . The edict separated civil from religious unity , treated some Protestants for the first time as more than mere schismatics and heretics , and opened a path for secularism and tolerance . In offering general freedom of conscience to individuals , the edict offered many specific concessions to the Protestants , such as amnesty and the reinstatement of their civil rights , including the right to work in any field or for the state and to bring grievances directly to the king . It marked the end of the religious wars that had afflicted France during the second half of the 16th century . The Edict of St. Germain , promulgated 36 years before by Catherine de Médici , had granted limited tolerance to Huguenots but was overtaken by events , as it was not formally registered until after the Massacre of Vassy on 1 March 1562 , which triggered the first of the French Wars of Religion . The later Edict of Fontainebleau , which revoked the Edict of Nantes in October 1685 , was promulgated by Louis XIV , the grandson of Henry IV . It drove an exodus of Protestants and increased the hostility of Protestant nations bordering France .

Charles Morgridge Loring ( November 13 , 1833 – March 18 , 1922 ) was an American businessman , miller and publicist . Raised in Maine to be a sea captain , Loring instead became a civic leader in Minneapolis , Minnesota where he was a wealthy flour miller and in Riverside , California where he helped to build the first city hall . He was a popular and generous man who enjoyed many friendships and business associations . Loring is remembered as the influential commissioner and president of the first Minneapolis park board . Considered the " Father of the Park System " in Minneapolis , Loring encouraged the city to work with Horace Cleveland , one of the first landscape architects , and park superintendents William W. Berry and Theodore Wirth . The city built what has been called , " the best - located , best - financed , best - designed , and best - maintained public open space in America . "

WTOL is a CBS - affiliated television station licensed to Toledo , Ohio , United States . It broadcasts a high definition digital signal on virtual and VHF channel 11 from a transmitter on Cedar Point Road in Oregon , Ohio , and can be seen throughout northwest Ohio , southeast Michigan ( including Detroit ) , and southwestern Ontario , Canada ( including Windsor and Essex County , where it was carried by Cogeco cable systems along with ABC affiliate WTVG [ channel 13 ] and NBC affiliate WNWO - TV [ channel 24 ] until 2009 ) . WTOL is owned by Raycom Media , which also operates Fox affiliate WUPW ( channel 36 ) through a shared services agreement ( SSA ) with owner American Spirit Media . The two stations share studios on North Summit Street in downtown Toledo .

Strand Street is one of the main streets in the central business district of Cape Town , South Africa . It runs northwest - southeast through the centre from Green Point to Woodstock , passing the Golden Acre shopping centre , the Cape Town railway station , the Lutheran Church in Strand Street , the Koopmans - de Wet House , and the Castle of Good Hope . Originally , in the vicinity of the Castle , Strand Street ran along the Table Bay shore - " strand " being the Dutch and Afrikaans word for " beach " - but land reclamation to create the Foreshore and the modern Port of Cape Town has moved the shoreline about a kilometre to the northeast . East of the city centre , Strand Street passes under the N2 freeway , to which it is connected by ramps . It continues as New Market Street and then Albert Street , eventually becoming Voortrekker Road , the original road route from Cape Town to Bellville and the interior . West of the centre it becomes High Level Road to Sea Point .

The Democratic Party ( Partido Democrático ) of Chile was a Chilean political party created by a left - wing faction of the Democrat Party in 1932 . It was created by a leftist faction of the Democrat Party , which opposed the right - wing group that officially supported the government of Arturo Alessandri . Although they supported the presidential candidacy of Alessandri , eventually became opponents . In 1937 , they joined the Popular Front and supported the candidacy of Pedro Aguirre Cerda . In 1941 , they merged with the Democrat Party . In the 1940s again were divided in the Democratic Party of Chile and the People 's Democratic Party . Both parties were reunited in 1956 . The party was dissolved in 1960 , when meeting with other organizations to form the National Democratic Party ( PADENA ) .

Rudolf Wolters ( August 3 , 1903   – January 7 , 1983 ) was a German architect and government official , known for his longtime association with fellow architect and Third Reich official Albert Speer . A friend and subordinate of Speer , Wolters received the many papers which were smuggled out of Spandau Prison for Speer while he was imprisoned there , and kept them for him until Speer was released in 1966 . After Speer 's release , the friendship slowly collapsed , Wolters objecting strongly to Speer 's blaming of Hitler and other Nazis for the Jewish Holocaust and World War II , and they saw nothing of each other in the decade before Speer 's death in 1981 . Wolters , who was born to a Catholic middle - class family in the northern German town of Coesfeld , obtained his degree and doctorate in architecture from the Technical University of Berlin , forging a close friendship with Speer while a student . After receiving his doctorate , he had difficulty finding employment prior to the Nazi rise to power . From 1933 to 1937 , he worked for the Reichsbahn . In 1937 , Speer hired him as a department head , and Wolters soon took major responsibility for Hitler 's plan for the large scale reconstruction of Berlin . When Speer became Minister of Armaments and War Production in 1942 , Wolters moved to his department , remaining his close associate . After Speer 's indictment and imprisonment for war crimes , Wolters stood by him . In addition to receiving and organizing Speer 's clandestine notes from Spandau , which later served as the basis of his best - selling books of memoirs , Wolters quietly raised money for Speer . These funds were used to support Speer 's family and for other purposes , according to directions which Wolters received from his former superior . Following Speer 's release in 1966 , their friendship gradually deteriorated , until the two men became so embittered that Wolters allowed papers demonstrating Speer 's knowledge of the persecution of the Jews to become public in 1980 . Wolters was involved in the reconstruction of West Germany following World War II , rebuilding his hometown of Coesfeld among many other projects . Wolters wrote several architectural books during the war , as well as a biography of Speer .

ARK : Survival Evolved ( stylized as ΛRK ) is an action - adventure survival video game developed by Studio Wildcard , in collaboration with Instinct Games , Studios , and Virtual Basement . It was released in August 2017 for PlayStation 4 , Xbox One , Microsoft Windows , OS X and Linux , with versions for Android , iOS , and Nintendo Switch in 2018 . In the game , players must survive being stranded on an island filled with roaming dinosaurs and other prehistoric animals , natural hazards , and potentially hostile human players . The game is played from either a third - person or first - person perspective and its open world is navigated on foot or by riding a prehistoric animal . Players can use firearms and improvised weapons to defend against hostile humans and creatures , with the ability to build bases as defense . The game has both single - player and multiplayer options . Multiplayer allows the option to form tribes of members in a server . The max number of tribe mates varies from each server . In this mode all tamed dinosaurs and building are shared between the members . Development began in October 2014 , where it was first released as an early access title in mid-2015 . The development team conducted research into the physical appearance of the animals , but took creative license for gameplay purposes . A companion app , titled Dododex , was released for mobile devices in August 2017 . One of the game modes , Survival of the Fittest , was also released as a standalone game the same month . Egypt - based developer Instinct Games was hired to facilitate the game 's development . Several expansions to the game have also been released as downloadable content : The Center , Primitive Plus , Scorched Earth , Ragnarok , and Aberration . Two spin - off games developed by Snail Games were released in March 2018 : ARK Park , a virtual reality game , and PixARK , a sandbox survival game .

Nakiska is a ski resort in western Canada , in the Kananaskis Country region of the province of Alberta . It is located from Calgary , west on Highway 1 ( Trans - Canada Highway ) and south on Highway 40 ( Kananaskis Trail ) . " Nakiska " is a Cree word meaning " to meet " or " meeting place . " Set on the east face of the southern end of Mount Allan , Nakiska has 64 trails with four chairlifts ( 3 high - speed quads and 1 double ) , 1 Reg Magic Carpet and 1 Monster Carpet ) set up over an area of . The longest run has , from a top lift - served elevation of to the base at . Nakiska is owned by Resorts of the Canadian Rockies , which also owns the Fernie , Kimberley , Kicking Horse Mountain Resort , Mont Sainte Anne , and Stoneham ski resorts .

The Central Line ( ) is a long railway line between Sundsvall and Storlien in central Sweden ( Västernorrland County and Jämtland County ) . It continues as the long Meråker Line through Norway to Hell Station and onwards to Trondheim . The railway shares line with Inland Line between Brunflo and Östersund while the line between Ånge and Bräcke is double track . The entire line is electrified at , but the Norwegian section is not . This requires all trains to Norway to be diesel trains . SJ AB operates night trains with sleeping cars from Storlien or Duved to either Stockholm , Gothenburg or Malmö . Mittnabotåget between Sundsvall and Trondheim is operated by Veolia Transport with Class 92 diesel multiple units between Östersund and Trondheim , and Regina trains between Sundsvall and Östersund . Veolia Transport also operates Utmanartåget with a biweekly connection between Storlien and Malmö via Stockholm .

Pua Kele Kealoha ( November 14 , 1902 – August 29 , 1989 ) was an American competition swimmer , Olympic champion , and former world record - holder . He was not related to Olympic swimming champion Warren Kealoha . Kealoha represented the United States at the 1920 Summer Olympics in Antwerp , Belgium as a 17-year - old . He won a gold medal as a member of the winning U.S. team in the men 's 4×200-meter freestyle relay with teammates Perry McGillivray , Norman Ross and Duke Kahanamoku . The U.S. relay team set a new world record of 10:04.4 in the event final . Individually , Kealoha also received a silver medal for his second - place performance in the men 's 100-meter freestyle and finished with a time of 1:02.6 . According to a member of the Kahanamoku family who knew him , Kealoha was the only person to swim unassisted from Molokai to Oahu . He had previously tried to swim from Oahu to Molokai but failed due to the headwind , current , and waves .

Maria Ludovica ( Marilù ) Parolini ( 1931 – 2012 ) was an Italian photographer and screenwriter . Parolini moved to Paris in 1957 and worked as a secretary at Cahiers du cinéma from 1960 to 1962 . There she met members of the French New Wave and worked as a set photographer for Jean - Luc Godard , François Truffaut , Jacques Rivette and Agnès Varda , taking some of the most iconic photographs of the New Wave . During this period , she appeared in Jean Rouch and Edgar Morin 's cinéma vérité documentary Chronique d'un été ( 1961 ) . She later returned to Italy and worked with Pier Paolo Pasolini and Bernardo Bertolucci , with whom she also collaborated as a screenwriter . She also worked with directors Jean - Marie Straub and Danièle Huillet . She was married to Rivette and collaborated on his improvisational scripts on several films , including L'amour fou ( 1969 ) , Duelle and Noroît ( both 1976 ) . They later divorced but maintained their professional relationship . Parolini was the subject of the documentary L'amica delle rondini ( Friend of the Swallows , 2009 ) .

Bernhard Siebken ( 4 April 1910 – 20 January 1949 ) was a German SS commander during World War II and a convicted war criminal . He was sentenced to death for the killing of Canadian prisoners of war and was executed in 1949 . Siebken was one of the original members of the Leibstandarte SS Adolf Hitler ( LSSAH ) . He took part in the invasion of Poland in 1939 and went on to serve on the Eastern Front . In 1944 , Seibken commanded the 2nd Battalion , 26th SS Panzer Grenadier Regiment and later the 25th SS Panzer Grenadier Regiment ; both with the SS Division Hitlerjugend . Siebken was awarded the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross on 17 April 1945 . After the end of the war , he stood trial for war crimes related to his activities while in command of the 2nd Battalion , 26th Panzer Grenadier Regiment of the LSSAH He was found guilty in the shootings of Canadian prisoners of war and hanged on 20 January 1949 . Following the reburial of executed war criminals in Hamelin in 1954 , the cemetery became the focal point for veterans ' reunions , with distinct Nazi overtones . In 1959 , for example , the convention of the lobby group and revisionist organisation of former Waffen - SS members , HIAG , concluded with " comrades gathering around [ Siebken 's ] tomb " and laying a wreath .

Medical Center is an island platformed Washington Metro station in Bethesda , Maryland , United States . The station was opened on August 25 , 1984 , and is operated by the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority ( WMATA ) . Providing service for the Red Line , the station serves the National Institutes of Health campus and the Walter Reed National Military Medical Center and is located at Rockville Pike and South Drive . Since there is little retail in the area and no commuter parking lot , this station is used almost exclusively by employees and visitors to those two institutions . The station opened on August 25 , 1984 . Its opening coincided with the completion of of rail northwest of the Van Ness – UDC station and the opening of the Bethesda , Friendship Heights , Grosvenor and Tenleytown stations . In September 2009 , Montgomery County submitted a $ 20 million federal grant application to build a pedestrian tunnel under Rockville Pike to improve access to the Medical Center stop from Walter Reed Medical Center . Currently , there is only a crosswalk here , with many passengers crossing the heavily travelled street from Walter Reed on the east side of MD 355 to get to the station on the west side . Construction would have originally occurred in 2011 , but the project was not approved until 2013 . The project is fully funded at $ 68 million , mostly through the Department of Defense , and includes installation of new deep elevators , improvement of surface bicycle and pedestrian facilities , as well as an extension of the left turn lane on southbound MD 355 . The project began construction in December 2017 , and is expected to be completed in late 2021 .

Susanne Jonah - Lynn Georgi Puigcercós ( born 27 July 1976 in Sjølund ) , commonly known as Susanne Georgi , is a Danish singer who lives and works in Andorra . Georgi started her career along with her sister in the duo Me & My , the group had a couple of hits around Europe . They also participated in the Danish pre - selection for Eurovision Song Contest 2007 together , in the end landing a 6th place in the national final . She has stated on her official MySpace that she is currently recording her fourth album . Georgi got married on 10 September 2011 and combined both surnames to become Susanne Jonah - Lynn Georgi Puigcercós . Susanne arrived in Andorra in 1995 and has since lived there , she can speak fluent Catalan .

Dolleman Island is a rounded , ice - covered island , long , lying east of Cape Boggs , off the east coast of Palmer Land . It was discovered in 1940 by members of East Base of the US Antarctic Service . The island was named in honour of S - Sgt . Hendrik ( Henry ) Dolleman ( 1905 - 1990 ) of Manchester , New Hampshire , and born at 20 - 03 - 1905 in Deventer in the Netherlands . He was a retired career serviceman in the United States Air Force who served with Admiral Richard E. Byrd in Antarctica on the 1939 and 1955 Deep Freeze expeditions . Mr. Dolleman was also a sled dog trainer . In 1942 , when Dolleman was stationed at Westover Field , Massachusetts , he won the Soldier 's Medal with an oak leaf cluster for his participation in two polar rescue missions .

Lambda Archives of San Diego is a collection of LGBT historical materials in San Diego , California , United States . Jess Jessop incorporated the Lesbian and Gay Archives of San Diego in 1987 , starting the collection with materials that he and Doug Moore had gathered . Lambda Archives’ primary focus is Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual , and Transgender ( LGBT ) history and culture in the San Diego County , Tijuana ( Baja California , Mexico ) Region . Lambda Archives is an all - volunteer , nonprofit 501(c)(3 ) corporation governed by a volunteer Board of Directors . President Frank Nobiletti has brought in a considerable number of student volunteers from San Diego State University . These volunteers assist the archive staff by performing various necessary and ongoing tasks . In 2007 , the archives began holding an annual gala to build additional support in the community and generating additional donations .

WhatDoTheyKnow is a site by mySociety designed to help people in the United Kingdom make Freedom of Information requests . It publishes both the requests and the authorities’ responses online , with the aim of making information available to all , and of removing the need for multiple people to make the same requests . The site acts as a permanent public archive of FOI requests made through it . Around 15 % to 20 % of requests to UK Central Government are made through WhatDoTheyKnow.com . Over 16,800 public bodies have been added to the site , mainly by volunteers . More than 294,000 requests have been made using the site and more than 4.5 million people visited it in 2014 WhatDoTheyKnow has been described by The Guardian as " an idiot 's guide to making a freedom of information request . " The Information Commissioner 's Office has stated that it believes " the most up - to - date informal list of all public authorities is held on the website " . Information released through the site has given rise to serious and less serious news stories . The site is used by a number of MPs . The site was originally available only in English but a partially translated Welsh version was added in 2013 .

The United States Statutes at Large , commonly referred to as the Statutes at Large and abbreviated Stat . , are an official record of Acts of Congress and concurrent resolutions passed by the United States Congress . Each act and resolution of Congress is originally published as a slip law , which is classified as either public law ( abbreviated Pub . L. ) or private law ( Pvt . L. ) , and designated and numbered accordingly . At the end of a Congressional session , the statutes enacted during that session are compiled into bound books , known as " session law " publications . The session law publication for U.S. Federal statutes is called the United States Statutes at Large . In that publication , the public laws and private laws are numbered and organised in chronological order . U.S. Federal statutes are published in a three - part process , consisting of slip laws , session laws ( Statutes at Large ) , and codification ( United States Code ) .

Gaali Gopura ( ) is a 1962 Kannada film directed and produced by B. R. Panthulu . The film starred Rajkumar , Kalyan Kumar , Leelavathi and R. Nagendra Rao in lead roles . Actor Udaya Kumar made a brief guest appearance . Acclaimed director Puttanna Kanagal had assisted Panthulu for this film . The original score and soundtrack were composed by T. G. Lingappa and had lyrics written majorly by G. V. Iyer . A Purandara Dasa work Yaarige Yaaruntu song was used in the soundtrack and performed by Ghantasala which turned out to be a major success . B. R. Panthulu made the film simultaneously in Telugu as Gaali Medalu with N. T. Rama Rao . Both versions became successful at box - office . The movie starred Rajkumar , Kalyan Kumar and Udaykumar- all 3 together for the first time in a single movie . However , Udaykumar only had a special appearance in this movie . In the same year , they went to work in full - fledge roles in single movie for the only time in their career in Bhoodana .

Paul Rand Dixon ( 29 September 1913 - 2 May 1996 ) was a decorated World War II veteran , chairman and commissioner of the Federal Trade Commission of the United States from 1961 to 1969 and again briefly in 1976 . After his chairmanship , Dixon continued to serve as a commissioner of the FTC until 1981 . Dixon was on the FTC staff from 1930 to 1957 , except for Naval service during World War II . Between 1957 and 1961 , Dixon served as counsel and staff director for the U.S. Senate Antitrust and Monopoly Subcommittee . Dixon served in the U.S. Navy from 1942 - 1945 . He eventually earned the rank of lieutenant commander . In 2014 a famous dictum of his , from a ruling in a multi - level marketing pyramid scheme case , " an intolerable potential to deceive , " was newly immortalized in the title of a book , Downline ... an intolerable potential to deceive , by E. Robert Smith .

Mathias Larsen Blilie ( 2 October 1854 – ? ? ) was a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party and the Liberal Left Party . He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1907 , representing the Liberal Party and the constituency of Toten . He was re - elected in 1910 , but this time representing the Liberal Left Party . Born in Vestre Toten , his father Lars Kristian Blilie was a member of Parliament too . Mathias Blilie worked as a farmer , and was also director of the local savings bank and insurance company for some time . He was a member of Vestre Toten municipal council for twenty - eight years . He served as mayor of Vestre Toten from 1902 to 1907 , and when the municipality Eina was created in 1908 , he served as its first mayor . He stepped down after the year 1910 .

The City of Ember is a post - apocalyptic science fiction novel by Jeanne DuPrau that was published in 2003 . The story is about Ember , an underground city threatened by aging infrastructure . The young protagonist , Lina Mayfleet , and her friend , Doon Harrow ( the second protagonist ) , follow clues left behind by the original builders of the City of Ember , to safety in the outside world . It is the first " Book of Ember " in the eponymous series , which also includes The People of Sparks , The Prophet of Yonwood ( a prequel ) , and the final installment , The Diamond of Darkhold . In 2008 , the book was adapted into a film by Walden Media and Playtone . A graphic novel adaptation by comic book artist Niklas Asker was released on September 25 , 2012 .

Guy , Bishop of Amiens ( d.1075 ) was an eleventh - century churchman , in what is now the north - east of France . Although the genealogy of early Ponthieu and Boulogne is scanty ( and the 12th century versions unreliable , because of their efforts to tie the ruling houses of Boulogne and Ponthieu into earlier noble houses ) , it is most likely that Guy , the Bishop of Amiens , was the uncle ( and not the brother ) of Enguerrand II and his brother Guy I of Ponthieu . Count Enguerrand II 's and Guy I 's father Hugh II was the son of Enguerrand I by an earlier marriage : Enguerrand I evidently married a Boulognnais countess , the wife of Arnold II , who died in battle : from this later marriage came Guy and his brother Fulk ( later abbot of Forest l'Abbaye ) , and probably a Robert .

Helen Mary Southworth ( born 13 November 1956 ) is a Labour Party politician in the United Kingdom . She is the former Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Warrington South , and was first elected at the 1997 general election . She retained the Warrington South seat at the 2001 and 2005 general elections , each time with a reduced majority . On 15 June 2009 , she announced that she would be retiring at the next general election . The seat that she vacated was subsequently won for the Conservative Party by David Mowat . She was the only person to have won successive elections in the constituency until her successor , Conservative David Mowat , won the 2015 General Election with an increased majority .

Fairfax Media Limited ( formerly John Fairfax and Sons ) is a media company in Australia and New Zealand , with investments in newspaper , magazines , radio and digital properties . The company was founded by John Fairfax , who purchased The Sydney Morning Herald in 1841 . The Fairfax family retained control of the business until late in the 20th century . The company also owns regional and other major Australian newspapers , including The Age , Australian Financial Review and Canberra Times , majority stakes in property business Domain Group and the Macquarie Radio Network , and joint ventures in streaming service Stan and online publisher HuffPost Australia . The group 's chairman is Nick Falloon and the chief executive officer is Greg Hywood . On 26 July 2018 , Fairfax Media and Nine Entertainment Co. announced they had agreed on terms for a merger between the two companies to become Australia 's largest media company . Shareholders in Nine Entertainment Co. will own 51.1 percent of the combined entity and Fairfax shareholders will own 48.9 percent .

The Skirmish of the Berlin Schloss ( German : Weihnachtskämpfe or Weihnachtsaufstand i.e. Christmas eve struggle or rebellion ) was a small skirmish between the socialist revolutionary Volksmarinedivision and regular German army units on 24 December 1918 during the German Revolution of 1918 – 19 . It took place around the Berlin Schloss also known as " Stadtschloss " in the centre of Berlin , Germany . Around 70 people were killed and the event marked the point at which the hitherto largely bloodless revolution turned more violent . The fighting was the immediate cause for the more radical members to leave the revolutionary government and caused resentment among the workers against the Social Democratic government of Friedrich Ebert . This set the scene for the much larger - scale violence of January 1919 , known as the Spartacist Uprising . Since the revolutionary sailors defeated the regular army force sent against them , the engagement was also an important episode in the rise of the right - wing Freikorps on which the government increasingly relied .

Anakpawis is a party - list in the Philippines . The party - list is the electoral wing of the radical trade union movement Kilusang Mayo Uno and the peasant group Kilusang Mangbubukid ng Pilipinas . Known for its radical pro - labor and peasant stand , Anakpawis had been known for its 125 across the board wage increase for the workers , as well as the genuine agrarian reform bill that involves direct redistribution of land to the landless peasants . In the 2004 elections for the House of Representatives the party - list obtained 538,396 votes ( 4.2320 % of the nationwide vote ) and two seats ( Crispin B. Beltran and Rafael V. Mariano ) . In the May 14 , 2007 election , the party won 1 seat in the nationwide party - list vote .

" Ode to the Bouncer " is a song written , performed and produced by electropop group Studio Killers . The energetic three - minute and 26-second dance - pop song , which plays in the key of F - sharp major , tells the story of somebody trying to dance but being prevented by a bouncer from doing so . Break beats , synth loops and vocals are depicted in the song 's arrangement . Dyna Mink and Goldie Foxx composed the tune , while the lyrics were made by vocalist Chubby Cherry . The single was first issued on 6 April 2011 as the lead single from Studio Killers ' self - titled debut studio album , which was later released in 2013 . The music video was released on 7 April . The single was the most successful in the Netherlands , where it was number one on charts such as the Dutch Top 40 and Mega Single Top 100 and went gold . It also made several chart appearances in Denmark , Finland , and Belgium . The song has been met with positive critical reviews , with praise going towards the song 's production and arrangement . It became the anthem of benefit event Serious Request on the Dutch radio station 3FM in 2011 , and appeared on Spin 's " 20 Best Songs of the Summer " that same year .

Carrie Lam Cheng Yuet - ngor , GBM , GBS (; born 13 May 1957 ) is the 4th and current Chief Executive of Hong Kong . Before that she was the Chief Secretary for Administration , the most senior rank of principal officials of Hong Kong , from 2012 to 2017 . After graduating from the University of Hong Kong , Lam joined the civil service in 1980 and served in various bureaux and departments . She became a key official in 2007 when she was appointed Secretary for Development . During her service , she earned the reputation as a " tough fighter " from her handling of the demolition of the Queen 's Pier . She became Chief Secretary under the Leung Chun - ying administration in 2012 . She headed the Task Force on Constitutional Development on the political reform from 2013 to 2015 and held talks with the student leaders during the large - scale occupation protests in 2014 . In the 2017 Chief Executive election , Lam won the three - way election with 777 votes of the 1,194-member Election Committee as the Beijing - favoured candidate , beating former Financial Secretary John Tsang and retired judge Woo Kwok - hing , becoming the first female Chief Executive of Hong Kong .

Created by Gene Roddenberry , the science fiction television series ( which eventually acquired the retronym Star Trek : The Original Series ) starred William Shatner as Captain James T. Kirk , Leonard Nimoy as Mr. Spock , and DeForest Kelley as Dr. Leonard " Bones " McCoy aboard the fictional Federation starship USS Enterprise . The series originally aired from September 1966 through June 1969 on NBC . This is the first television series in the Star Trek franchise , and comprises 79 regular episodes over the series ' three seasons , along with the series ' original pilot episode , " " . The episodes are listed in order by original air date , which match the episode order in each season 's original , remastered , and Blu - ray DVD box sets . The original , single - disc DVD releases placed the episodes by production order , with " The Cage " on the final disc . This list also includes the stardate on which the events of each episode took place within the fictional Star Trek universe . After the series ' cancellation , Paramount Television released Star Trek to television stations as a syndication package , where the series ' popularity grew to become a " major phenomenon within popular culture " . This popularity would eventually lead to the expansion of the Star Trek catalog , which as of 2017 includes six more television series and thirteen Trek motion pictures . In 2006 , CBS Paramount Domestic Television ( now CBS Television Distribution ) announced that each Original Series episode would be re - syndicated in high definition after undergoing , including both new and enhanced visual effects . ( To date , the remastered episodes have only been broadcast in standard definition , though all three seasons are now available on the high - definition Blu - ray Disc format . ) The remastered episodes began with " Balance of Terror " ( along with , in some markets , " ") during the weekend of September 16 , 2006 , and ended with " The Cage " , which aired during the weekend of May 2 , 2009 . The remastered air dates listed below are based on the weekend each episode aired in syndication .

Joseph Meyer may refer to : Joseph Meyer ( publisher ) ( 1796 – 1856 ) , German publisher Joseph Meyer ( songwriter ) ( 1894 – 1987 ) , American songwriter Joseph Meyer ( Wyoming politician ) ( 1941 – 2012 ) , American politician Joseph A. Meyer ( c. 1895 – 1970 ) , American football and basketball coach Joseph E. Meyer ( 1878 – 1950 ) , American botanist Joey Meyer ( basketball ) ( born 1949 ) , former DePaul head basketball coach Joey Meyer ( baseball ) ( born 1962 ) , former major league baseball player Joseph Meyer ( rower ) , Swiss Olympic medalist Joe Meyer ( equestrian ) ( born 1970 ) , New Zealand equestrian Joseph Meyer ( US publisher ) , publisher of the New York Observer since 2016 , brother - in - law of Jared Kushner

Anna - Lisa Björling , née Emy Anna - Lisa Berg ( March 15 , 1910 – November 24 , 2006 ) , was a Swedish opera singer and actress . She was married to tenor , Jussi Björling , from 1935 until his death in 1960 . Born in Stockholm , Anna - Lisa was a soprano who had studied at the Royal Swedish Academy of Music . After her marriage to Jussi Björling in 1935 , Anna - Lisa focused on her family life and their children for ten years . When the children were older she resumed her musical studies , and made a very successful comeback at the Royal Swedish Opera in 1948 , where she performed various roles until the late 1960s . In Sweden and occasionally abroad , she performed duets with her husband Jussi Björling , for television specials and other events . She had also appeared in some Swedish films , both as an actress and singer in the 1930s . She was sometimes credited as Anna - Lisa Berg or Anna - Lisa Björling Barkman . She died in Stockholm in 2006 , at age 96 .

Fanderson is the official appreciation society for the works of British film and television producers Gerry and Sylvia Anderson . It is a not - for - profit organisation endorsed by ITV Studios Global Entertainment , ITC Entertainment Group , The Indestructible Production Company and Anderson Entertainment . Based in the United Kingdom , but with an international membership , the club is run by a small committee of unpaid volunteers . The club was formed on 20 August 1981 at a meeting convened by ITC and Gerry Anderson . Previously , ITC had supported the various clubs and societies that followed Anderson 's works ; in 1981 it requested that the separate groups merge , and in exchange promised to give its full support ( except financial assistance ) to the new organisation .

Gerard Dillon ( 191614 June 1971 ) was an Irish artist . Born in Belfast , he left school at the age of fourteen and for seven years worked as a painter and decorator , mostly in London . From an early age he was interested in art , cinema , and theatre . About 1936 he started out as an artist . His Connemara landscapes provided the viewer with context , portraits of the characters who worked the land , atmosphere and idiosyncratic colour interpretations . Aged 18 , Dillon went to London , initially working as a decorator . With the outbreak of the Second World War , he returned to Belfast . Over the next five years he developed as a painter in Dublin and Belfast . His works during this period were more than simple depictions of the life and people around him , they were reactions and interactions in paint . In 1942 , his first solo exhibition was opened by his friend and fellow artist , Mainie Jellett at The Country Shop , St. Stephen 's Green , Dublin . " Father , Forgive Them Their Sins " featured depicting his concerns about the new war that had broken out . Despite a growing reputation , he had to return to London in 1944 to work on demolition gangs to restore his finances . In the late 1940s and during the 1950s , Dillon found himself favouring the town of Roundstone , Connemara . In 1958 , he had the double honour of representing Ireland at the Guggenheim International , and Great Britain at the Pittsburg International Exhibition . He travelled widely in Europe and taught for brief periods in the London art schools .

William Wilkie Collins ( 8 January 1824 – 23 September 1889 ) was an English novelist , playwright , and short story writer . His best - known works are The Woman in White ( 1859 ) , No Name ( 1862 ) , Armadale ( 1866 ) and The Moonstone ( 1868 ) . The last is considered the first modern English detective novel . Born into the family of painter William Collins in London , he lived with his family in Italy and France as a child and learned French and Italian . He worked as a clerk for a tea merchant . After his first novel , Antonina , was published in 1850 , he met Charles Dickens , who became a close friend , mentor and collaborator . Some of Collins 's works were first published in Dickens ' journals All the Year Round and Household Words and the two collaborated on drama and fiction . Collins published his best known works in the 1860s and achieved financial stability and an international reputation . During that time he began suffering from gout . After taking opium for the pain , he developed an addiction . During the 1870s and 1880s the quality of his writing declined along with his health . Collins was critical of the institution of marriage and never married ; he split his time between Caroline Graves , except for a two - year separation , and his common - law wife Martha Rudd , with whom he had three children .

Heinz - Josef " Jupp " Koitka ( born 12 February 1952 is a former German football player . He started his career 1971 at SG Wattenscheid 09 . Via Frankfurt he moved for the 1979 – 80 campaign to 2 . Bundesliga Nord side Rot - Weiß Lüdenscheid and left them after a season for Hamburger SV . In total he appeared in 142 Bundesliga matches , most of them for Eintracht Frankfurt ( 91 ) . His greatest success was the German championship with Hamburger SV in 1982 after being runner - up in the previous season . In 1982 , he reached the UEFA Cup final , as a backup to Uli Stein . In 1990 Koitka finished his career at HSV . After his active career he returned to his roots and became coach and goalkeeping coach at SG Wattenscheid 09 . His son Kai Koitka played for the 09ers from 2003 until 2006 as well . Heinz - Josef Koitka was engaged at DFB responsible for the Under 21 goalkeepers and match observer .

Ampato ( possibly from Quechua hamp'atu or from Aymara jamp'atu , both meaning " frog " ) is a dormant stratovolcano in the Andes of southern Peru . It lies about northwest of Arequipa and is part of a north - south chain that includes the volcanoes Hualca Hualca and Sabancaya , the last of which has been active in historical time . Ampato consists of three volcanic cones , which lie on top of an older eroded volcanic edifice . They were formed sequentially by extrusion of lava flows , but Ampato has also had explosive eruptions which have deposited ash , lapilli and pumice in the surrounding landscape . One young lava flow has been dated to 17,000 ± 6,000 years before present , but a summit lava dome is even younger , and Holocene ash layers in surrounding peat bogs may testify to the occurrence of recent eruptions . The present - day volcano is covered by an ice cap , and during the last glacial maximum glaciers advanced to low altitudes . In 1995 , an Inca mummy known as Mummy Juanita was discovered on Ampato by Johan Reinhard ; it had been offered as a human sacrifice more than six hundred years earlier on the mountain .

The City of Thuringowa ( ) was a city and local government area in North Queensland , Australia covering the northern and western parts of what is now Townsville . The suburb of Thuringowa Central is the main business centre in this area . Thuringowa was named after the German state of Thuringia where the shire 's first chairman , John von Stieglitz originated . Prior to its proclamation as a city on 1 January 1986 , Thuringowa was a large rural shire , almost surrounding the City of Townsville . In 2007 the Queensland Government recommended that the Thuringowa City Council and the Townsville City Council be merged as part of the review of councils and boundaries , with the merged entity to be referred to as the Townsville City Council and the city being called the New Townsville City . The transition was completed with the election of a new combined Council on 15 March 2008 .

Michel Étienne Descourtilz ( 25 November 1777 , Boiste near Pithiviers – 1835 , Paris ) , was a French physician , botanist and historiographer of the Haitian Revolution . He was the father of illustrator Jean - Théodore Descourtilz , with whom he sometimes collaborated . In 1799 , after completing his medical studies he traveled to Charleston , South Carolina and Santiago , Cuba , arriving in Haiti on 2 April . Despite a passport from Toussaint Louverture and serving as physician with the forces of Jean - Jacques Dessalines , he was in constant danger . His plant collections were mostly from between Port - au - Prince and Cap - Haïtien and along the Artibonite River . All his natural history collections and many drawings were destroyed during the course of the revolution . In 1803 he returned to France , worked as a physician in a hospital at Beaumont and served as president of the Paris Linnean Society . As a taxonomist he circumscribed the genus Nauchea ( family Fabaceae ) .

American Girls were an American all - women band based in California , United States . American Girls originally started as a film project , which fizzled . After some personnel changes and more rehearsing , the band sustained many comparisons to the Go - Go 's , who were popular at the time as well as signed to the same label , IRS Records . However , American Girls featured veterans of the all - women band scene including Brie Howard who had played drums for Fanny and Miiko Watanabe who played bass with the Screamin ' Sirens . They recorded one album only , which was intended as a demo but was pressed to vinyl in its original form . The eponymous debut album was released in March 1986 . The cover shows the band in a hotel room , with alcohol , a deck of cards , and a copy of the National Enquirer . The video for their single " American Girl " received some airplay on MTV . Their song " Androgynous " appeared in the 1986 film Tough Guys , American Girl appeared on the soundtrack for Out of Bounds . They also opened for The Lords of the New Church on 1986 tour dates . Miles Copeland III ( brother of the Police 's Stewart Copeland ) was the band 's manager .

Predrag Jokić ( born 3 February 1983 in Kotor ) is a Montenegrin 1.88 m tall water polo player . He is a member of the Montenegro men 's national water polo team at the 2008 Summer Olympics , 2012 Summer Olympics , and the 2016 Summer Olympics . At the 2008 Summer Olympics , the team reached the semifinals , where they were defeated by Hungary and Serbia in the bronze medal match . At the 2012 Summer Olympics , Montenegro lost to Croatia in their semi - final , and then to Serbia again in the bronze medal match . At the 2016 Summer Olympics , Montenegro lost to Croatia in the semifinals and then lost to Italy in the bronze medal match . Jokić was the flag bearer for Montenegro during the closing ceremony of the 2016 Summer Olympics . At the 2004 Olympics , he won a silver as a member of Serbia and Montenegro team .

Nicholas II Sanudo ( or Niccolò ; died aft . 1374 ) , called Spezzabanda , was the Lord of Gridia ( a fief in Andros ) and eighth Duke of the Archipelago as the consort of his cousin Florence Sanudo , with whom he reigned until her death . Nicholas was a son of Guglielmazzo Sanudo , Lord of Gridia . Florence 's first marriage was to Giovanni dalle Carceri , but he died in 1358 , without issue . She tried to remarry , first to the Vignoso , Genoese Lord of Chios , and then to Nerio I Acciajuoli , the future Duke of Athens , but both potential husbands were vetoed by the Republic of Venice , which kidnapped her and brought to Crete . There she was forced to marry in 1364 her cousin Nicholas Spezzabanda . By his cousin , he left only daughters : Maria , who inherited Andros , and Elisabetta Sanudo .

Balaclava railway station is located on the Sandringham line in Victoria , Australia . It serves the south - eastern Melbourne suburb of Balaclava opening on 19 December 1859 . It is an elevated station located above the Carlisle Street rail overpass . In 1981 the station buildings were reconstructed and was reconstructed again in 2013/14 as part of an upgrade to the station . In 1996 two men found $ 200,000 in a drum buried beneath one of the platforms . They handed it into the police and the find was reported in the media . In the same week another man found a second drum under the platform containing a similar quantity of money , which he also turned into the police . As no one claimed the money , both men were granted ownership of the money they found , despite being considered trespassers on land owned by the Public Transport Corporation .

In the context of the recent African origin of modern humans , the Southern Dispersal scenario ( also the coastal migration hypothesis ) refers to the early migration along the southern coast of Asia , from the Arabian peninsula via Persia and India to Southeast Asia and Oceania . Alternative names include the " southern coastal route " or " rapid coastal settlement " . The coastal route theory is primarily used to describe the initial peopling of the Arabian peninsula , India , Southeast Asia , New Guinea , Australia , Near Oceania , coastal China , and Japan between roughly 70,000 to 60,000 years ago . It is linked with the presence and dispersal of mtDNA haplogroup M and haplogroup N , as well as the specific distribution patterns of Y - DNA haplogroup C and haplogroup D , in these regions . The theory proposes that early Homo sapiens , some of the bearers of mitochondrial haplogroup L3 arrived in the Arabian peninsula about 70,000 years ago , crossing from East Africa via the Bab - el - Mandeb straits . It has been estimated that from a population of 2,000 to 5,000 individuals in Africa , only a small group , possibly as few as 150 to 1,000 people , crossed the Red Sea . The group would have travelled along the coastal route around Arabia and Persia to India relatively rapidly , within a few thousand years . From India , they would have spread to Southeast Asia ( " Sundaland " ) and Oceania ( " Sahul " ) .

Tautira is a Polynesian beach village , valley , and point on the south - east coast of the island of Tahiti in the Pacific . It is part of the commune Taiarapu - Est . With a population of 2338 ( in 2007 ) , it is located 49 kilometres southeast of the Tahitian capital of Papeete on the coast of Tautira Bay , at the end of what is the largest valley of the Taiarapu Peninsula . Domingo de Bonechea visited the area in 1772 and attempted to spread Christianity here ; James Cook landed at Tautira Bay during his voyage . Robert Louis Stevenson referred to the village as “ The Garden of the World ” , staying here to recover from illness in 1886 . The village contains a Catholic church .

Albert Tatlock is a fictional character on the British television soap opera Coronation Street . Albert was played by actor Jack Howarth from 1960 to 1984 . The character became something of an institution , so much so that grumpy old men were sometimes nicknamed " Albert Tatlock " . A veteran of the First World War , Albert settled back into civilian life by marrying and starting a family , however his wife Bessie died in 1959 and he retired from his job at the Town Hall the following year , taking up a new occupation as the street 's resident grumpy old man , forever complaining about the struggles of old age and living on the low income from his pension . Although Albert was never close to his daughter Beattie , he maintained close ties with his brother Alfred 's family , particularly his niece Valerie , who married Albert 's neighbour Ken Barlow in 1962 . With Val 's death in 1971 , and Beattie 's continued absence , Ken eventually moved into No.1 and took care of Albert in his twilight years until his death of a heart attack in May 1984 .

The Devon and Cornwall County Division was a County Division of the British Army created during the Second World War . It was formed on 28 February 1941 , from recently recruited soldiers , in response to the renewed threat of a German invasion . The 10,000-strong division was a static formation , lacking transport , intended to defend possible landing sites along the southern Cornish and Devon coastlines from invading German troops . The creation of the division also helped to free up the more experienced troops , who were then held back from the coastline to be able to launch a counterattack against any potential German landings . During mid-1941 , Germany launched a massive invasion of the Soviet Union , which practically eliminated the threat of an invasion of the United Kingdom . Consequently , the division never saw service in its intended role . With the threat of a German invasion lifted , the British Army began a series of reforms intended to restore balance to the then infantry - heavy organisation . As a result , all nine county divisions were disbanded . The Devon and Cornwall County Division ceased to exist on 1 December , but was subsequently reformed as the 77th Infantry Division .

Professor James Katorobo is a former United Nations diplomat from Uganda and a former lecturer at Makerere University in Kampala . Katorobo was chief technical adviser at the United Nations headquarters in New York in charge of the Management , Development , and Governance Division under the United Nations Development Programme ( UNDP ) . He was also part of the UN mission of advisers in Rwanda immediately after the 1994 Rwandan genocide before moving to the United Nations in New York in 1997 . While in New York , Katorobo had a brief assignment overseeing needs and aid to Somalia during its civil war . He worked out of Nairobi , Kenya , owing to the violence in the Horn of Africa . He also worked with the UN in East Timor , and he frequently visited these two countries while stationed in New York . Katorobo obtained his doctorate degree ( PhD ) in African Studies from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) in 1975 .

Black House is a horror novel by American writers Stephen King and Peter Straub . Published in 2001 , it is the sequel to The Talisman . This is one of King 's numerous novels , which also include Hearts in Atlantis and Insomnia , that tie in with the Dark Tower series . Black House was nominated to the Bram Stoker Award for Best Novel . The novel is set in Straub 's homeland Wisconsin , rather than in King 's frequently used backdrop of Maine . The town of " French Landing " is a fictionalized version of the town of Trempealeau , Wisconsin . Also , " Centralia " is named after the nearby small town of Centerville , Wisconsin , located at the intersection of Hwy 93 and Hwy 35 . A chapter of the book is written around Edgar Allan Poe 's poem " The Raven " .

A Caribbean Mystery is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie , first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club on 16 November 1964 and in the United States by Dodd , Mead and Company the following year . The UK edition retailed at sixteen shillings ( 16/- ) and the US edition at $ 4.50 . It features the detective Miss Marple . Two reviewers at the time the novel was published said that Agatha Christie was returning to the top of her form . A critic writing in 1990 judged this plot to be standard fare for any writer who travels to the Caribbean and needs double duty out of a vacation . Two of the major characters reappear in the novel Nemesis , published in 1971 . Jason Rafiel reappears posthumously , and his assistant Esther Walters assists Miss Marple in the early chapters of the subsequent story .

Major - General Aye Kyaw was Minister of Information in Burma between June 1995 and September 1997 . On 17 June 1995 Major - General Aye Kyaw replaced Brigadier - General Myo Thant as Minister of Information . The poet laureate Soe Nyunt was Deputy Minister of Information throughout his term of office . In July 1995 the Burmese opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi was allowed to appear in public . 100 foreign reporters , photographers and cameramen drank tea and ate cakes in the garden of her Rangoon home . However , more than a dozen reporters were denied visas , apparently due to a blacklist imposed by Major - General Aye Kyaw 's Ministry . On 11 October 1995 the United Nations Special Rapporteur Mr. Yozo Yokota met with Major General Aye Kyaw and members of his Information Committee . Aye Kyaw gave information on availability of national and international publications in Myanmar . He said that the written press , radio and television were subjected to governmental control and scrutiny , saying the present conditions did not allow liberalization of the media . When asked if he would distribute publications on international human rights standards , he said there was no requirement since Buddhist publications covered most of the human rights provisions . On 18 September 1997 the State Peace and Development Council issued a proclamation naming the Prime Minister , Deputy Prime Ministers and Ministers in the government . Major General Kyi Aung was named Minister of Information

James H. Smith ( February 1874 – December 24 , 1960 ) was an Infielder in the Negro Leagues . Smith played for the Chicago Columbia Giants at the age of 28 , eventually moving on to the Cuban X - Giants in 1904 . He played there for two seasons , then moved on to the Leland Giants for a few seasons . He then appears to have wrapped up his professional baseball career with the St. Paul Colored Gophers in 1909 . Smith also wrote for the newspapers about many fellow players in 1910 , not only giving opinions about their playing , and giving first and last names , but also helping to piece together where many of the players were coming and going during the season of 1910 . By 1910 , Smith had joined the 8th Regiment of the Illinois National Guard and was stationed at Peoria , Illinois . During his military career , Smith organized and Captained a team in the Ninth United States Cavalry and the Forty - Eighth United States Volunteers . He played in the Philippines , Cuba , Japan , the United States and Canada . Smith died in 1960 at the age of 86 in Saginaw , Michigan .

Thora Margraff Plitt Hardy ( 31 July 1902 – 1 January 1993 ) was a US chemist born in Switzerland . She was educated at Barnard College , Columbia University from where she graduated in 1925 . Afterwards she worked as a New York City high school teacher from 1925 – 29 . She returned to academia at the University of Chicago to start her PhD studies in 1932 . Following completion of her PhD in 1935 she worked for a time as a botany instructor but saw little opportunity to progress . Subsequently she worked with the US Government , first with the National Bureau of Standards and then at the Department of Agriculture ( USDA ) until she left in 1951 . Her work focussed on plant microchemistry and the physiology and microscopic analysis of commercial furs . She assisted with Second World War efforts when she was requested to apply her studies of fur fibres for the armed forces . She wrote several books including Microscopic Methods Used in Identifying Commercial Fibres published in 1939 . A cash award is made available at the University of Missouri by an endowment established by Thora Hardy in memory of her husband , John I. Hardy . The award is bestowed on an undergraduate to recognize their academic achievements , the quality of their independent research projects , and their extracurricular contributions .

Late Latin ( Latin : Latinitas serior ) is the scholarly name for the written Latin of late antiquity . English dictionary definitions of Late Latin date this period from the 3rd to the 6th centuries AD , and continuing into the 7th century in the Iberian Peninsula . This somewhat ambiguously defined version of Latin was used between the eras of Classical Latin and Medieval Latin . There is no scholarly consensus about exactly when Classical Latin should end or Medieval Latin should begin . However , Late Latin is characterized ( with variations and disputes ) by an identifiable style . Being a written language , Late Latin is not the same as Vulgar Latin . The latter served as ancestor of the Romance languages . Although Late Latin reflects an upsurge of the use of Vulgar Latin vocabulary and constructs , it remains largely classical in its overall features , depending on the author who uses it . Some Late Latin writings are more literary and classical , but others are more inclined to the vernacular . Also , Late Latin is not identical to Christian patristic Latin , used in the theological writings of the early Christian fathers . While Christian writings used a subset of Late Latin , pagans also wrote extensively in Late Latin , especially in the early part of the period . Late Latin formed when mercenaries from non - Latin - speaking peoples on the borders of the empire were being subsumed and assimilated in large numbers , and the rise of Christianity was introducing a heightened divisiveness in Roman society , creating a greater need for a standard language for communicating between different socioeconomic registers and widely separated regions of the sprawling empire . A new and more universal speech evolved from the main elements : Classical Latin , Christian Latin , which featured ( ordinary speech ) in which the people were to be addressed , and all the various dialects of Vulgar Latin . The linguist Antoine Meillet wrote , " Without the exterior appearance of the language being much modified , Latin became in the course of the imperial epoch a new language " , and , " Serving as some sort of lingua franca to a large empire , Latin tended to become simpler , to keep above all what it had of the ordinary " .

Greatest Hats is the first compilation album by the Canadian new wave / synthpop group Men Without Hats , released in 1996 . A slightly modified version of the album was released in the US in 1996 , entitled Collection . It dropped the tracks " Freeways ( Euromix ) " , " On Tuesday " and " Sideways " in favor of " Messiahs Die Young " , " Moonbeam " , " Hey Men " and an extended version of " I Got the Message " . The two compilations have ten tracks in common , these being " The Safety Dance " , " Living in China " , " Antarctica " , " I Got the Message " , " I Like " , " Where Do the Boys Go " , " Pop Goes the World " , " Editions of You " and the club mixes of " The Safety Dance " and " Where Do the Boys Go ? " . The Canadian version adds " Freeways " , " On Tuesday " and " Sideways " , while the US version includes " Messiahs Die Young " , " Moonbeam " , " Hey Men " and the club mix of " I Got the Message " . " Editions of You " was recorded in March 1985 and had not been previously released . A different version of the track was recorded in 1983 , during the Folk of the 80 's ( Part III ) sessions .

Andrea Ferrante ( born 16 August 1968 , Palermo , Italy ) is an Italian composer whose music is performed throughout Europe , Asia and the Americas and published by Videoradio and Rai Trade Labels , Edizioni Carrara and Edizioni Simeoli . His compositional activity , as shown in the essay Backstage of the creative act , the music psychologist Rosa Alba Gambino , can be divided into two phases : the first ( which ends with the composition of the holy La sposa del vento for soloists , chorus and orchestra staged in Palermo in 2000 by Operalaboratorio ) in which Andrea Ferrante investigates the Mediterranean sounds of his land through the filter of the contemporary , and the second ( after ten years of silence , and in collaboration with his favourite pianist Domenico Piccichè ) in which the mature composer 's own language is inspired by multiculturalism and the concept of emotion / enjoyment of music that cast its production outside Europe . His compositional activity ranges from classical music to that for the image , even through recent collaborations in pop music with Giovanna Nocetti and Paolo Limiti ( poet and TV presenter ) which , exclusively for his music , wrote the lyrics to " The Man of no " . He teaches at the Conservatorio di Musica di Stato " Arcangelo Corelli " in Messina .

The Abandonment of the Jews : America and the Holocaust 1941–1945 , published in 1984 , is an influential book by David S. Wyman , former Josiah DuBois professor of history at the University of Massachusetts Amherst . Wyman was the chairman of the David S. Wyman Institute for Holocaust Studies . The Abandonment of the Jews has been well received by most historians , and has won numerous prizes and widespread recognition , including " the National Jewish Book Award , the Anisfield - Wolf Award , the Present Tense Literary Award , the Stuart Bernath Prize from the Society for Historians of American Foreign Relations , and the Theodore Saloutos Award of the Immigration History Society , and was nominated for the National Book Critics Circle Award . "

Nathalie Bernard ( born 17 August 1985 ) is a South African - born New Zealand former swimmer , who specialised in freestyle events . She is a single - time Olympian ( 2004 ) , and a member of North Shore Swim Club in Auckland , under head coach Thomas Ansorg . Bernard qualified for the women 's 4 × 200 m freestyle relay , as a member of the New Zealand team , at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens . Teaming with Helen Norfolk , Alison Fitch , and Rebecca Linton in heat two , Bernard recorded a split of 2:07.00 to anchor the last 50 metres . She and the rest of the Kiwis finished the race in seventh place and thirteenth overall in a final time of 8:14.76 .

Cetate ( " citadel " ) may refer to several places in Romania : Cetate , Bistrița - Năsăud , a commune in Bistriţa - Năsăud County Cetate , Dolj , a commune in Dolj County , the location of the Battle of Cetate , fought during the Crimean War , in which an Ottoman force under Ahmed Pasha attempted to capture the village , but were unsuccessful Cetate , a village in Cetate , Dolj above Cetate Stadium AKA Stadionul Cetate ( Alba Iulia ) , a stadium in Alba Iulia , on the Mureş River in Alba County , Transylvania Cetate Deva AKA CNS Cetate Deva , a Romanian professional football club from Deva , Hunedoara County , founded in 2013 , which plays in the above stadium Cetate , Timișoara , a district in Timișoara , Timiș County Cetate Synagogue , a Jewish place of worship on Mărăşeşti Street ( Belváros in Hungarian , Innere Stadt in German ) in the above Cetate , Timișoara district

" Got to Have Faith " is a 2004 single released by the Swedish heavy metal band Europe . It was released on September 15 , 2004 , and was the first single from the album Start from the Dark . " Got to Have Faith " was co - written by vocalist Joey Tempest and guitarist John Norum , and was the first song written for Start from the Dark . " We wanted to make something modern , heavy and something that would be relevant now , " Tempest said , " So John sent me some riffs to my hometown in London and I just started putting things together , writing lyrics and when I felt I had something , I sent it off to the other guys . They were all like , ' This is great ! ' ... Hence the heavier riffs , the D - tuning and everything because that 's the way John likes to do it . " The song 's music video features the band performing in a garage interspersed with clips taken from the Ghost Rider motorcycle stunt films . In an interlude , the video shows brief , distorted clips of the band taken from the 1980s . Ghost Rider , touching speeds over , zooms past Upplands Väsby , the Swedish suburb where the band was formed , at the end of the video .

The Newsroom is an American television drama series created by Aaron Sorkin , which premiered on the premium cable network HBO on June 24 , 2012 . The series concluded on December 14 , 2014 , and consists of 25 episodes over three seasons . Jeff Daniels stars as Atlantis Cable News anchor Will McAvoy , who takes a mandatory leave of absence after a public tirade about America 's shortcomings during a political debate . Upon his return , he discovers that most of his staff have quit . Seeing an opportunity to return to the glory days of televised news instead of ratings - driven infotainment , his boss Charlie Skinner ( Sam Waterston ) has hired Will 's ex - girlfriend MacKenzie McHale ( Emily Mortimer ) as the new executive producer . McHale shares Skinner 's vision of TV news , and she and Will immediately butt heads . The series is executive produced by Aaron Sorkin , Scott Rudin , and Alan Poul .

The Trugberg is a mountain in the Bernese Alps , located south of the Mönch in the canton of Valais , Switzerland . It is located above the Konkordiaplatz where the névé of the Jungfraufirn on the west side and the Ewigschneefeld on the east side converge to form the Aletsch Glacier . Debris accumulating on both sides of the mountain form one of the two important supraglacial moraines of the Aletsch Glacier . During their ascent of the Jungfrau in 1841 , a group of explorers including Pierre Jean Édouard Desor and Louis Agassiz for a while thought that the Trugberg , hiding the Jungfrau from sight , was their destination . Eventually , they realized their error and decided to name the mountain Trugberg , meaning Deceitful Mountain . The Trugberg was first climbed 13 July 1871 by Dr. Emil Burckardt from Basel , with the two local guides Peter Egger and Peter Schlegel . The route they took was by the east flank .

Northam Road is a major thoroughfare along the northern coast of the city of George Town in Penang , Malaysia . It continues on from Gurney Drive towards Farquhar Street to the east . The road is a one - way road , with the traffic directed eastwards towards Farquhar Street . Since the 1990s , Northam Road , along with Gurney Drive , has also emerged as George Town 's second Central Business District . In the olden days , the northern coast of George Town was simply known as the ' North Beach ' . British administrators , including the founder of Penang , Francis Light , were buried within the Old Protestant Cemetery near the eastern end of Northam Road . The road gradually became the address of choice for the Europeans , and later , Chinese tycoons , who built elegant mansions along the road . As a result , Northam Road was also known as the Millionaire 's Row by the locals . Northam Road is also home to some of the tallest skyscrapers in Penang , many of which house commercial enterprises like banks , insurance firms , property and car dealers , and other businesses .

Michael Duane " Bo " McLaughlin ( born October 23 , 1953 ) was a Major League Baseball relief pitcher from 1976 to 1982 for the Houston Astros , Atlanta Braves , and Oakland Athletics . McLaughlin is best known for being hit by a pitch that almost ended his career , and his alias " Grim Bimbledon . " On May 26 , , McLaughlin was pitching in the eighth inning of a game against the Chicago White Sox . He threw a sinker to Harold Baines , who hit a line drive into McLaughlin 's face . The pitch broke McLaughlin 's left cheekbone and his eye socket in five different places . McLaughlin vomited blood and went into shock . It took two surgeries to wire his cheekbone and left eye socket , and doctors at Oakland 's Merritt Hospital feared that he would not last the night . McLaughlin recovered to play a few games in September that year , then spent 1982 with the A 's . He was demoted to the Minors in 1983 and played three seasons of Triple - A baseball . He later went into the real estate business and coached in the minor leagues for the Chicago Cubs and Baltimore Orioles systems before moving on to his current job with the Rockies .

Mary Tudor (; 18 March 1496 – 25 June 1533 ) was an English princess who was briefly Queen of France and later progenitor of a family that claimed the English throne . The younger surviving daughter of Henry VII , King of England and Elizabeth of York , Mary became the third wife of Louis XII of France , more than 30 years her senior . Following his death , she married Charles Brandon , 1st Duke of Suffolk . The marriage , which was performed secretly in France , took place during the reign of her brother Henry VIII and without his consent . This necessitated the intervention of Thomas Wolsey , and although Henry eventually pardoned the couple , they were forced to pay a large fine . Mary 's second marriage produced four children , and through her eldest daughter Frances , Mary was the maternal grandmother of Lady Jane Grey , who was the de facto monarch of England for nine days in July 1553 .

Ida Mett ( born Ida Gilman , 20 July 1901 in Smarhoń , Imperial Russia – 27 June 1973 in Paris , France ) was a Belarusian - born anarchist and author . Mett was an active participant in the Russian anarchist movement in Moscow , and was arrested by Soviet authorities for subversive activities and escaped soon thereafter . From Russia , she fled to Poland , later Berlin , and eventually to Paris ( 1926 ) where she became active with Dielo Trouda Group and co - edited the Dielo Truda magazine . Mett wrote The Kronstadt Commune , a history of the rebellion at Kronstadt , in 1948 . Published by the Spartacus publishing house , it subsequently re - awakened controversy over the events . She also authored The Russian Peasant in the Revolution and Post Revolution ( 1968 ) and contributed to various international periodicals . She died in Paris on 27 June 1973 .

Henry Gear was a business and politician in Newfoundland . He represented Burin in the Newfoundland House of Assembly from 1894 to 1897 and from 1900 to 1913 . The son of George Gear , he was born in St. John 's . In 1880 , he took over control of his father 's business , operating in partnership with W. J. Barnes as Gear and Company . The company manufactured and imported various items . A few years later , Gaar opened a second business , H. Gear and Company . He was first elected to the Newfoundland assembly in an 1894 by - election . Gear was defeated when he ran for reelection in 1897 but was reelected in 1900 , serving until his defeat in 1913 . He served in the cabinet as a minister without portfolio from 1904 to 1909 . His son Ernest also served in the Newfoundland assembly and was the last person elected to the assembly from the Dominion of Newfoundland .

James Randolph Hubbell ( 13 July 1824 – 26 November 1890 ) was an American politician from Ohio , serving as a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives . He was born in Lincoln Township in Delaware County , Ohio . After teaching school , he practiced law in London and Delaware , Ohio . Hubbell served in the Ohio state House of Representatives during the years 1849 , 1858 – 59 and 1862 - 63 . He was Speaker of that body in 1863 . At the close of the American Civil War , Hubbell was the U.S. Representative from Ohio 's 8th District from 1865 to 1867 . Later , in 1869 , he was a member of the Ohio state Senate . Hubbell died in Bellville ( Richland County ) , Ohio . He was buried at Oak Grove Cemetery in Delaware , Ohio .

The Union Beach School System is a community public school district that serves students in pre - kindergarten through eighth grade from Union Beach , in Monmouth County , New Jersey , United States . As of the 2011 - 12 school year , the district 's one school had an enrollment of 732 students and 60.1 classroom teachers ( on an FTE basis ) , for a student – teacher ratio of 12.18:1 . The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group " CD " , the sixth - highest of eight groupings . District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts . From lowest socioeconomic status to highest , the categories are A , B , CD , DE , FG , GH , I and J. Public school students in ninth through twelfth grades attend Keyport High School in Keyport , as part of a sending / receiving relationship with the Keyport Public Schools . Students have the choice , as well , to apply for Red Bank Regional High School for admission into its specialized programs .

Collaroy Plateau is a suburb of northern Sydney , in the state of New South Wales , Australia . Collaroy Plateau is 22   kilometres north - east of the Sydney central business district , in the local government area of Northern Beaches Council and is part of the Northern Beaches region . Collaroy Plateau was designated as a separate suburb in 1977 with a postcode of 2098 , but was reassigned as a locality within Collaroy in 1984 , with the postcode changing to 2097 as part of Collaroy . In 2001 all localities were renamed Urban Places . In 2011 Collaroy Plateau , along with Wheeler Heights , was re - established as a suburb by the Geographical Names Board of NSW , after lobbying by the community , who had never ceased considering it to be a suburb since its loss of that title in 1984 . Collaroy Plateau has views of Sydney 's Northern Beaches , with parts of the suburb overlooking Collaroy Beach , Long Reef Beach , Narrabeen Beach and Narrabeen Lagoon . Collaroy Beach is also the landing point of the PPC-1 submarine cable , one of three backhaul communication links connecting Australia to the wider Internet .

The Judy Blume Diary is an activity book meant to be written in for approximately one year by aspiring writers . In 1981 , Judy Blume created the book to finance her KIDS Fund , which promotes communication between children and their parents . Each page contains a quote from various Judy Blume books , such as Tiger Eyes , Forever , and Deenie . There are also a couple dozen black - and - white photographs of young adults , all of which is meant to inspire the writer . By the end , there are a few pages for the writer to reminisce on how he has grown and matured over the year and what he expects to accomplish in the next year . There is also a place for addresses , phone numbers , important dates , and a calendar for the years 1986 - 88 .

Athrips mongolorum is a moth of the Gelechiidae family . It is found in Mongolia , Turkmenistan , south - eastern Kazakhstan and China ( Ningxia ) . The wingspan is 9–12   mm . The forewings are whitish yellow to cream , covered with white and grey scales . There are two or three dark spots at the base , three dark spots surrounded by tufts of ochreous scales at about the middle and two very small spots at two - thirds . The hindwings are light grey . Adults are on wing from mid - March to early June and again in September in two generations per year . The larvae feed on Nitraria schoberi . They tie the leaves of their host plant with silk , feeding from inside the shelter or mining the terminal leaves . The larvae are light green . The species overwinters in the pupal stage .

" There 's the Girl " is a song recorded by the American rock band , Heart . It was composed by Holly Knight and Heart band member Nancy Wilson . " There 's The Girl " was released in a remixed version as the third single from Heart 's ninth studio album , Bad Animals . Knight is known as a very successful songwriter who was responsible for penning many hit singles during the 1980s . Like Heart 's 1986 # 1 single " These Dreams " , the lead vocals on " There 's the Girl " were performed by Nancy Wilson , rather than Ann Wilson ( though most fans did not realize this until the video was released or they saw the song performed live ) , the usual lead singer for the group . The single climbed to # 12 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 and was also a Top-40 single on the UK Singles Chart , where it peaked at # 34 .

James Michael Osting ( born April 7 , 1977 ) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher . Osting was drafted in the fourth round of the 1995 Major League Baseball Draft by the Atlanta Braves . In 2000 , he was traded along with Bruce Chen to the Philadelphia Phillies organization for Andy Ashby . The following year he was selected off waivers by the Colorado Rockies . One week later he was selected off waivers again by the San Diego Padres . That year he made his MLB debut with team . Following the season he signed with the Milwaukee Brewers as a free agent . He would make his final MLB appearance during his time with team . He later signed as a free agent with the Kansas City Royals and Tampa Bay Devil Rays organizations , but never played a Major League game with either organization .

Cape Arkona ( ) is a 45-metre - high cape on the island of Rügen in Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , Germany . It forms the tip of the Wittow peninsula , just a few kilometres north of the Jasmund National Park . The protected landscape of Cape Arkona , together with the fishing village of Vitt , belongs to the municipality of Putgarten and is one of the most popular tourist destinations on Rügen , receiving about 800,000 visitors annually . On the cape there are two lighthouses , a navigation tower , two military bunker complexes , the Slavic temple fortress of Jaromarsburg and several tourist buildings ( restaurants , pubs and souvenir shops ) . Because of its geology and the weathering that occurs here , there are frequent coastal collapses , especially in winter . Cape Arkona is often referred to as " the northernmost point of Rügen " , which is not true . Approximately one kilometre to the north - west , there is a point on the steep coast , known as the Gellort , which is a little further north . Directly at the foot of the Gellort is a 165-ton glacial erratic boulder known as the Siebenschneiderstein ( Low German : Söbenschniedersteen ) . The cape offers an impressive view of the island , both from land or sea .

The Supremes Sing Rodgers & Hart is the eleventh studio album released by The Supremes for Motown in 1967 . The album is wholly composed of covers of show tunes written by the songwriting duo of Richard Rodgers and Lorenz Hart . The album was the final album released before The Supremes ' name was changed to " Diana Ross & the Supremes , " and member Florence Ballard was replaced by Cindy Birdsong . It reached # 20 in the USA and ultimately sold around 500,000 copies . Originally intended as a double album , The Supremes Sing Rodgers & Hart was halved before Motown issued it in May 1967 . In 1986 , two unreleased tracks from the Rodgers & Hart sessions were included in the Diana Ross & the Supremes ' 25th Anniversary collection . Several more were included alongside the original twelve LP tracks on The Rodgers & Hart Collection , an expanded compact disc collection released by Motown in 1987 . All of the sessions , including a bonus live recording , were included on the 2002 Motown / Universal release The Supremes Sing Rodgers & Hart : The Complete Recordings .

The military reforms of the Florentine Republic were initiated by Florentine politician and political theorist Niccolò Machiavelli during the short - lived Republic of Florence that lasted from 1498 to 1512 under the priest Girolamo Savonarola . In the pursuit of the republican spirit which pervaded Florence at the time , Machiavelli sought to establish a military establishment that was similar to that of ancient Rome . He was specifically focused upon the establishment of an army possessed with the discipline of the Roman legions . He sought to establish a citizen - infantry capable of taking the field against the Italian Condottieri of the day , who largely terrorized the peninsula , in addition to the chronic foreign invasions which occurred on a regular basis at this time . Broadly speaking Machiavelli would institute a series of reforms in 1506 that would create a citizen army of 20,000 men , and establish a system that would keep this citizen army in a state of readiness .

Bruno Fraga Soares (; born February 27 , 1982 ) is a professional tennis player from Brazil . His highest singles ranking on the ATP Tour is World No . 221 , which he reached in March 2004 . Primarily a doubles specialist , his career - high doubles ranking is World No . 2 , which he achieved in October 2016 . After a few efforts , including a final in the 2012 US Open and the semifinals of the 2008 and 2013 French Opens , Soares finally won his first Grand Slam title at the 2016 Australian Open , partnering Jamie Murray and then followed that up with a second men 's doubles title at the 2016 US Open . He has also won three Grand Slam titles in Mixed Doubles , two at the US Open , in 2012 and 2014 , and one at the Australian Open in 2016 . He was the third Brazilian tennis player to achieve this , after Maria Bueno and Thomaz Koch .

The Sorcerer 's Hat was the icon of Disney 's Hollywood Studios , the third of four theme parks built at the Walt Disney World Resort in Bay Lake , Florida , from 2001 to 2015 . The structure was inspired by " The Sorcerer 's Apprentice " segment in Walt Disney 's 1940 animated film , Fantasia . Mickey Mouse 's gloved hand and ears underneath the hat are visible emerging from the ground . With its opening on September 28 , 2001 , it replaced the Earffel Tower as the park 's icon in marketing material . It was used as a venue for pin trading and sales , and also served as a backdrop to many special events and shows . High School Musical Live culminated several dances from several Disney Channel shows that performed several times daily in front of the hat . Disney characters made meet - and - greet appearances around the hat throughout the day .

Elena Carter Richardson ( 26 December 1948 – 4 February 2006 ) was an American ballerina and dance instructor . Born and raised in Mexico City , Mexico , she trained at the Academia de Ballet de Coyoacán , going on to be a principal dancer at Compania Nacional de Danza , and with Ballet Classico 70 . Richardson later joined Dance Theatre of Harlem and toured the world as a principal before taking time off to have children in 1982 . She moved to Portland , Oregon and became a principal in Pacific Ballet Theatre and Oregon Ballet Theatre as well as a faculty member in the Performing Arts Program at Jefferson High School and at Da Vinci Arts Middle School . Richardson was diagnosed with cancer in 2000 and succumbed to the disease in 2006 .

The Next - Generation Secure Computing Base ( NGSCB ; codenamed Palladium and also known as Trusted Windows ) was a cancelled software architecture designed by Microsoft which aimed to provide users of the Windows operating system with better privacy , security , and system integrity . NGSCB was the result of years of research and development within Microsoft to create a secure computing solution that equaled the security of closed platforms such as set - top boxes while simultaneously preserving the backward compatibility , flexibility , and openness of the Windows operating system . The primary stated objective with NGSCB was to " protect software from software . " Part of the Trustworthy Computing initiative when unveiled in 2002 , NGSCB was expected to be integrated with the Windows Vista operating system , then known by its codename " Longhorn . " NGSCB relied on hardware designed by members of the Trusted Computing Group to produce a parallel operation environment hosted by a new kernel called the " Nexus " that existed alongside Windows and provide new applications with features such as hardware - based process isolation , data encryption based on integrity measurements , authentication of a local or remote machine or software configuration , and encrypted paths for user authentication and graphics output . NGSCB would also facilitate the creation and distribution of digital rights management ( DRM ) policies pertaining the use of information . The technology was the subject of much controversy during its development , with critics contending that it could be used to impose restrictions on users , enforce vendor lock - in , and undermine fair use rights and open - source software . NGSCB was first demonstrated by Microsoft in 2003 at the Windows Hardware Engineering Conference before undergoing a revision in 2004 that would enable applications written prior to its development to benefit from its functionality . In 2005 , reports stated that Microsoft would scale back its plans so that the company could ship its Windows Vista operating system by its target date of 2006 . Development of NGSCB spanned almost a decade before its cancellation , one of the lengthiest development periods of a feature intended for the operating system . NGSCB differed from the technologies that Microsoft billed as pillars of Windows Vista during development of the operating system , including Windows Presentation Foundation , Windows Communication Foundation , and WinFS , in that it was not built upon and did not prioritize .NET Framework managed code . While the technology has not fully materialized , aspects of NGSCB have emerged in Microsoft 's BitLocker full disk encryption feature , which can optionally use the Trusted Platform Module to validate the integrity of boot and system files prior to operating system startup ; the Measured Boot feature in Windows 8 ; the certificate attestation features in Windows 8.1 ; and the Device Guard feature of Windows 10 .

The University of Illinois at Chicago ( UIC ) is a public research university located in Chicago , Illinois , United States . Its campus is in the Near West Side community area , adjacent to the Chicago Loop . The second campus established under the University of Illinois system , UIC is also the largest university in the Chicago area , having approximately 30,000 students enrolled in 15 colleges . UIC operates the largest medical school in the United States with research expenditures exceeding $ 412 million and consistently ranks in the top 50 U.S. institutions for research expenditures . In the 2015 U.S. News & World Report 's ranking of colleges and universities , UIC ranked as the 129th best in the " national universities " category . The 2015 Times Higher Education World University Rankings ranked UIC as the 18th best in the world among universities less than 50 years old . UIC competes in NCAA Division I Horizon League as the UIC Flames in sports . The UIC Pavilion is home to all UIC basketball games . It also serves as a venue for concerts .

Claude Stanley Choules (; 3 March 1901 – 5 May 2011 ) was an English - born military serviceman from Perth , Western Australia who at the time of his death was the oldest combat veteran of the First World War from England , having served with the Royal Navy from 1915 until 1926 . After having emigrated to Australia he served with the Royal Australian Navy , from 1926 until 1956 , as a Chief Petty Officer and was a naturalised Australian citizen . He was the last surviving military witness to the scuttling of the German fleet in Scapa Flow in 1919 and the last surviving veteran to have served in both world wars . At the time of his death , he was the third - oldest verified military veteran in the world and the oldest known living man in Australia . He was the seventh - oldest living man in the world . Choules became the oldest man born in the United Kingdom following the death of Stanley Lucas on 21 June 2010 . Choules died at the age of 110 years and 63 days . He had been the oldest British - born man ; following his death , that honour went to Reverend Reginald Dean . In December 2011 , the landing ship was named after him , only the second Royal Australian Navy vessel named after a sailor .

Frank Duval ( born 22 November 1940 , Berlin , as Frank Uwe Patz ) is a German composer , conductor , record producer , songwriter and singer . Born into an artists ' family , he studied as an actor and dancer , but also sang with his sister , Maria . By the 1960s , Duval was also composing music , both orchestral and pop , and his first soundtrack , for an episode of the German serial Tatort , was broadcast in 1977 . From his 1979 first album , Die Schönsten Melodien Aus Derrick und der Alte , the song " Todesengel " became a moderate hit . During the 1980s , Duval released several soundtracks , as well as proper artist albums ( with occasional lyrical help from his wife , Kalina Maloyer ) . He was in the German charts several times , with " Angel of Mine " ( a number one hit in 1981 ) , " Ways " ( 1983 ) , " Lovers Will Survive " ( 1986 ) , and " When You Were Mine " ( 1987 ) . Duval wrote songs for Ivan Rebroff , Alexandra , Karin Huebner , Margot Werner , Klaus Löwitsch , and Maria Schell .

Arkadi Ghukasyan ( , born 22 June 1957 ) was the second President of the self - proclaimed Nagorno - Karabakh Republic . He was elected as the President on 8 September 1997 and re - elected in 2002 , until his term ended on 7 September 2007 and was succeeded by Bako Sahakyan . Born in Stepanakert , in the Nagorno Karabakh Autonomous Republic of the Azerbaijan SSR on 22 June 1957 , he graduated in 1979 from Yerevan State University with a degree in linguistics . He started his working career as a correspondent for " Soviet Karabagh " newspaper , becoming its Deputy Editor - in - Chief in 1981 . In 1991 Ghukasyan was elected to the first Parliament of the Nagorno - Karabakh Republic . In September 1992 , he was appointed Political Adviser to the Chairman of the State Defense Committee ( SDC ) , and headed the NKR delegations during OSCE negotiations with Azerbaijan . Ghukasyan has been a member of Nagorno - Karabakh 's Security Council since 1993 . On 23 July 1993 he became the first Foreign Minister of the Nagorno - Karabakh Republic . He survived an assassination attempt in 2000 . Samvel Babayan , whom he had recently sacked as defence minister , was convicted of organising the attack and sentenced to 14 years in prison . He has divorced once and remarried .

Dos Reales is a Mexican restaurant chain found in the Midwest and Great Plains of the United States . It operates as a franchise in the states of Kansas , Missouri and Illinois . The first branch , located in Champaign , Illinois , was founded by Alvaro Quezada , his wife Leticia , and a group of friends and family . Several years later , they began to expand operations into Illinois and into Kansas . The staff and owners make regular visits to Mexico City for product research . Today there are locations in Champaign , Illinois ; Charleston , Illinois ; Rockford , Illinois ; Loves Park , Illinois ; Columbia , Missouri ; Kansas City , Kansas ; Overland Park , Kansas and Shawnee , Kansas . A location in Lenexa , Kansas closed in 2007 due to slow business and competition with the nearby Panzon 's . Another location in Urbana , Illinois closed under similar circumstances . The location in Kansas City , Kansas is named Sol Azteca , and the location in Charleston , Illinois is named Los Potrillos , but they are owned by the same group and feature the same menu . Dos Reales is best known for their Burrito Bravo : a large burrito . They also sell the cold cinnamon rice drink horchata . A complimentary dessert is provided along with a festive song and dance for birthday guests . At the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign , Dos Reales is often shortened to " Dos " .

Morris Sadek ( born December 12 , 1942 ) is a Coptic American lawyer and activist who reportedly brought YouTube video Innocence of Muslims to the attention of the Arabic - speaking world , where it was denounced by protesters at American embassies and consulates . His Egyptian citizenship had previously been revoked for promoting the invasion of Egypt and attacking Islam . A vocal opponent of Islam , he reportedly protested the Ground Zero Mosque on September 11 , 2010 , with crucifix , Bible , and American flag , stating that " Islam is a religion . " On September 6 , 2012 , he is reported to have sent out mails to journalists containing the link to the 14-minute version of the film Innocence of Muslims .

Wabaningo is a small unincorporated community of Fruitland Township , Muskegon County in the U.S. state of Michigan . It is situated where the White Lake flows through a short navigation channel into Lake Michigan at . Wabaningo , now a resort community , was settled before 1833 . It was first called Sylvan Beach , but the post office , established in 1897 , was named Wabaningo , after a local Ottawa chief . It was made a branch of the Whitehall office in 1954 . The office operated as a summer post office from 1897 - 1938 , 1939 - 1942 , 1944 - 1953 , 1954 - 1965 , and 1966 - 1999 . Wabaningo is no longer an acceptable name for delivery , although Sylvan Beach is an acceptable name with the Whitehall ZIP code 49463 . It is also the location of the White River Light station , which includes a lighthouse built in 1875 , which now houses a small lighthouse and maritime museum . The original Fresnel lens is on display there .

The Secret of the Nagas is the second novel of the Shiva trilogy series by the Indian author Amish Tripathi . The story takes place in the imaginary land of Meluha and narrates how the inhabitants of that land are saved from their wars by a nomad named Shiva . It begins from where its predecessor , The Immortals of Meluha , left off , with Shiva trying to save Sati from the invading Naga . Later Shiva takes his troop of soldiers and travels far east to the land of Branga , where he wishes to find a clue to reach the Naga people . Shiva also learns that Sati 's first child is still alive , as well as her twin sister . His journey ultimately leads him to the Naga capital of Panchavati , where he finds a surprise waiting for him . Tripathi started writing The Secret of the Nagas while the first part of the trilogy was being released . He relied on his knowledge of geography and history to expand the locations visited in the story . The book was released on 12 August 2011 , and was published by Westland Press . Before its release , the author confessed that many revelations would be present in the book , including the true nature of many characters . Two theatrical trailers were created for showing in multiplex cinema halls , as Tripathi believed that the film - going audience also reads his books , and that would create publicity . The Secret of the Nagas was in high demand before its release , with 80,000   copies pre - ordered . The book quickly reached the top of best - seller listings , selling 95,000   copies the first month , before going for a re - print . As of June 2015 , over 2.5 million copies of the Shiva Trilogy have been sold at gross retail sales of over . Although the book was commercially successful , The Secret of the Nagas received mixed reviews from critics . While it received praise for its " impressive conception " and story development , it also received criticism for Tripathi 's usage of non - literary language .

The Red Rover is a novel by American writer James Fenimore Cooper . It was originally published in Paris on November 27 , 1827 , before being published in London three days later on November 30 . It was not published in the United States until January 9 , 1828 , in Philadelphia . Soon after its publication it was adapted for theater both in the United States and in England . The novel follows the activities of the sailor Dick Fid , free black sailor Scipio Africanus and Royal Navy officer James Wilder as they encounter the famous pirate , " The Red Rover " . A contemporary reviewer in the North American Review noted how Cooper was particularly good at writing sea novels such as The Red Rover , the sea being his more natural element than what the author calls wilderness novels which focused on an Indian introducing a white man to the wilderness , like The Last of the Mohicans . In addition , The Red Rover presents some of the first serious depictions of characters of African lineage in American literature .

Actus Tragicus , sometimes credited as Actus Comics or simply Actus , is a group of five Israeli comics artists founded in 1995 by Rutu Modan and Yirmi Pinkus . Other members include Batia Kolton , Itzik Rennert and Mira Friedmann . Actus Tragicus was founded to enable its members , all professional illustrators and comics artists , to reach an audience outside of Israel by publishing a book each year , free of any cultural limitations or economic hindrances . Their books appear around the time of the Angoulême International Comics Festival in France where they receive their first public exposure . The group has won international acclaim and was described in 2007 by the ID design magazine as one of the most prominent contemporary design groups . Well known international comics artists such as Anke Feuchtenberger and Henning Wagenbreth ( Germany ) , Stéphane Blanquet ( France ) and David Polonsky ( Israel ) participated in the Actus Tragicus projects . Actus Tragicus have published nine books and numerous series so far , as well as a special comics album , Dead Herring Comics , which featured an excerpt from Art Spiegelman 's In the Shadow of No Towers .

Doug Turner is the ex - Director of Engineering at Mozilla Corporation and long - time contributor to Mozilla . The Mozilla Foundation hired Turner in December 2004 to work full - time on mobile projects such as Minimo and Mozilla Joey . He was the Foundation 's 12th hire . Turner was previously employed by Netscape before the creation of the Mozilla Foundation . Doug Turner invented Geolocation on the Web , Device Orientation on the web , and is a leader in device access . Doug Turner invented Simple Push Notifications . Push Notification are a way for application developers to send messages to their web applications . Doug Turner was the maintainer of the now - defunct Minimo project and worked on its successor Firefox for mobile . Doug Turner led the effort to rewrite the Firefox Mobile browser in order to improve performance , responsiveness , and memory usage .. Doug Turner left Mozilla in September 2016 .

Richard Collins ( 1947 – April 15 , 2013 ) was a Canadian actor . He was best known for playing Philadelphia " Phil " Collins in the comedy series Trailer Park Boys . In 2011 , he also appeared as Big Ron in The Drunk and On Drugs Happy Fun Time Hour . He also appeared in the episode ' Loveliner ' of the series Lexx . Collins was born in St. John 's , Newfoundland ( now Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada ) , and lived in Halifax , Nova Scotia for most of his life . He died of a heart attack in Halifax on April 15 , 2013 , at the age of 66 , during the filming of . The film is dedicated to him , Rita MacNeil , Brian Huggins , and Bill Parsons .

Stoddard Hurd Martin(1811 - 1865 ) was an American carpenter and master builder from Milwaukee , Wisconsin who served a single one - year term as a Freesoiler member of the Wisconsin State Assembly in 1849 . He was a son of Stoddard Martin ( 1781 - 1868 ) of North Ferrisburgh , Vermont , and in a tradition made famous by Horace Greeley 's quote ' Go West , young man ' took a trail which led him eventually to Madison , Wisconsin , where he built a domicile which was one of the first in the future capital of the state . He was descended from early settlers of Massachusetts , including through his grandmother , Sarah Williams Martin , the Reverend Solomon Stoddard and Governors Simon Bradstreet and Thomas Dudley .

Hypo Alpe - Adria - Bank S.p . A. also known as HBI was an Italian bank based in Tavagnacco , in the Province of Udine , Friuli – Venezia Giulia region . The registered office of the bank was located in Udine . In the past the bank was a subsidiary of Hypo Alpe - Adria - Bank International , which was planned to wind - down as " bad bank " and separate saleable assets in 2013 as " good bank " . In 2014 the subsidiary was spin - off from the bad bank as a separate wind - down unit . As at 31 December 2014 , Hypo Italy was a subsidiary HBI - Bundesholding A.G. , a Vienna - based sub - holding company for the government of Austria . The bank had 19 branches in Italy : Veneto ( 7 ) , Lombardy ( 6 ) and Friuli – Venezia Giulia ( 6 ) before the company closed all the branches on 23 December 2016 . The Italian leasing department of Hypo Alpe - Adria Italy was remained in the bad bank , now known as Heta Asset Resolution Italia S.r.l . , a subsidiary of Heta Asset Resolution ( sold in 2016 to a private equity fund ) .

The People 's Republic of China 's first reported AIDS case was identified in 1985 in a dying tourist . In 1989 , the first indigenous cases were reported as an outbreak in 146 infected heroin users in Yunnan province , near China 's southwest border . Yunnan is the area most affected by HIV / AIDS in China . In 1989 first infections appeared among needle sharing drug users near the Burmese border . Up until 1993 , the disease had remained a problem in the border areas before mobile people ( truck drivers , construction and migrant workers and travelers ) brought the virus further into the country . In 1995 , the provinces of Sichuan and Xinjiang reported their first HIV cases , and by 1998 , the virus had spread all over China . Low awareness of the disease among China 's general population appears to be a major culprit . Most Chinese consider HIV / AIDS as a foreign issue , and even educated people are less knowledgeable of the virus , its transmission and prevention , than people in other countries . Until recently , the use of condoms was not very common , even among sex workers and their clients . As a result , the epidemic has spread from high - risk groups ( drug users , sex workers , unsafe blood donors ) to the general population .

Charles Stephen Boreham ( 19 December 1857 – 15 May 1925 ) was a New Zealand shearer and trade unionist . He was born in Richmond , Tasmania , Australia on 19 December 1857 . He was potentially the first working class representative who stood for Parliament in New Zealand . He stood for election in the electorate in , but withdrew shortly before polling day . He campaigned in the electorate prior to the , but did not put his nomination forward . At the time , a ₤10 deposit was due with each nomination , which was refundable upon the candidate receiving at least 10 % of the vote , and it was speculated that he would have lost his deposit . He did stand in the electorate the , where he came third with 15.6 % of the vote .

The British Science Fiction Association was founded in 1958 by a group of British science fiction fans , authors , publishers and booksellers , in order to encourage science fiction in every form . It is an open membership organisation costing £ 29 per year for UK residents and £ 20 for the unwaged . The first president of the BSFA was Brian Aldiss . Stephen Baxter is the current President and the current Vice - President is Pat Cadigan . The BSFA currently publishes three magazines , sent to all members : Vector – The critical journal of the BSFA , published two to three times a year . Focus – The BSFA 's writers magazine , published twice a year . The BSFA Review - A digital only magazine , launched in late 2017 . Published approximately six times a year . Matrix was the news magazine , but ceased publication . The BSFA Awards are presented annually by the British Science Fiction Association , based on a vote of BSFA members and members of the British national SF convention ( Eastercon ) . The BSFA also nominates two out of five of each year 's judging panel of the Arthur C. Clarke Award .

The Quba Mosque ( ) is a mosque in the outlying environs of Medina , Saudi Arabia . Depending on whether the Mosque of the Companions in the Eritrean city of Massawa is older or not , it may be the first mosque in the world that dates to the lifetime of the Islamic Nabī ( , Prophet ) Muhammad in the 7th century CE , and depending on whether the religion of Islam started with him or preceded him , it is either the first mosque in the history of Islam , or it is not the first , with the Great Mosques of Mecca and Jerusalem being older , due to their association with earlier Prophets in Islam , especially Abraham . According to legend , its first stones were positioned by Muhammad as soon as he arrived on his emigration from the city of Mecca to Medina , and the mosque was completed by his companions . Muhammad spent 14 days in this mosque praying qaṣr ( , a short prayer ) while waiting for Ali to arrive in Medina after the latter stayed behind in Mecca to carry out a couple of tasks entrusted to him by the Prophet . According to Islamic tradition , performing Wuḍū’ ( , ' Ablution ' ) in one 's home then offering two Rakaʿāṫ ( ) of Nafl ( , Optional ) prayers in the Quba Mosque is equal to performing one ‘ Umrah ( ) . Muhammad used to go there , riding or on foot , every Saturday and offer a two rakaʿāt prayer . He advised others to do the same , saying , " Whoever makes ablutions at home and then goes and prays in the Mosque of Quba , he will have a reward like that of an ' Umrah . " This ḥadīth ( ) was reported by Ahmad ibn Hanbal , Al - Nasa'i , Ibn Majah and Hakim al - Nishaburi .

Viacheslav Aleksandrovich Malyshev ( 3 December 1902 – 20 February 1957 ) was one of leading figures of Soviet industry during the 1940s and 1950s . During the war , he served as People 's Commissar of Heavy Machine Building since 1939 and Vice - Chairman of Council of People 's Commissars since 1940 . From 1941 he supervised Soviet tank industry , later he was responsible for shipbuilding and transport industry . He was elected Vice - Chairman of Council of Ministers of the Soviet Union twice , from 1947 to 1953 and again from 1954 to 1956 . He was also appointed the first head of Ministry of Medium Machine Building , supervising the whole Soviet nuclear industry . Malyshev led a special commission to investigate the causes of the explosion that sank the Novorossiysk battleship at anchor at Sevastopol , used as an excuse to remove Nikolai Kuznetsov , an opponent of Nikita Khrushchev 's idea of a submarine - based navy , from commanding the Red Fleet and replace him with Sergey Gorshkov , who was much more obedient to the premier 's wishes . Malyshev was heavily favored by Joseph Stalin . In 1953 he prematurely inspected the site of a nuclear test and was poisoned by radiation ; he died as a result in 1957 . Malyshev is buried at the Kremlin Wall , Red Square .

Luke Schenn ( born November 2 , 1989 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently playing for the Anaheim Ducks in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) . Schenn played junior hockey with the Kelowna Rockets of the Western Hockey League ( WHL ) . In his final WHL season , Schenn was named to the League 's Second All - Star Team . He was a highly - touted prospect heading into the 2008 NHL Entry Draft , where he was selected in the first round , fifth overall , by the Toronto Maple Leafs . Schenn began his professional career in the NHL during the 2008 – 09 season and played with the Maple Leafs until being traded to Philadelphia following the 2011–12 season . After his rookie season , Schenn 's play was recognized when he was named to the NHL 's All - Rookie Team . He has represented Canada internationally , winning a gold medal at the 2008 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships and a silver medal at the 2009 World Ice Hockey Championships with the nation 's junior team . Schenn is a stay - at - home defenceman whose main focus is preventing goals rather than scoring . With a physical style of play , he is usually among NHL leaders in hits . His charity " Luke 's Troops " helps military families attend Maple Leafs home games . His younger brother Brayden plays for the St. Louis Blues .

Marguerite ( Margot ) Ruddock ( 1907 – 1951 ) , who used the stage name Margot Collis , was an English actress , poet and singer . She had a relationship with W. B. Yeats starting in 1934 . Their correspondence was published as Ah , Sweet Dancer ( 1970 ) . Yeats edited her poems for publication , but it is not clear how much change he made to them . He included some of them in the Oxford Book of Modern Verse , which he edited . Some of her poems have been set as songs by the composer Robert Erickson . She was married twice : first to John Collis , with whom she had a son , Michael , and secondly to Raymond Lovell , with whom she had a daughter , Simone Lovell . She died in 1951 , when she was 44 . During her marriage to Raymond Lovell she had an affair with Yeats . When they met in 1934 , Yeats was 69 and Margot was 27 . Their affair was conducted fitfully over the next few years - it 's not clear whether there was an actual physical act involved . The affair broke down and Margot Ruddock became mentally unstable . Some months later she followed Yeats ( uninvited ) out to the island of Majorca , where he was working with the Indian monk Shri Purohit Swami . Margot ended up in an asylum in Madrid from where she had to be sprung by Yeats and his friends . Yeats ' poem " A Crazed Girl " is believed to be inspired by Margot .

The Bavarian Crown Jewels are a set of crown jewels created for the Kingdom of Bavaria , which existed from 1806 to 1918 . In 1806 , as part of his wholescale re - ordering of the map of Europe , Emperor Napoléon I of the French upgraded the independent German duchy of Bavaria to full kingdom status . The former Duke of Bavaria , now King of Bavaria , Maximilian I , commemorated the fact by commissioning a set of crown jewels for use by Bavarian monarchs . However , there was no coronation ceremony , and the king never wore the crown in public . Rather , it was placed on a cushion when displayed on occasions such as the king 's ascension or his funeral . Included in the regalia were : The Crown of Bavaria - the King 's crown , which was set with rubies , diamonds , emeralds , sapphires and pearls ; the Crown of the Queens of Bavaria , which was made for the then queen , Karoline of Baden , and which contains huge pearls and large diamonds ; The 96 centimetre long State Sword ; The Royal Orb - made of gold ; The 89 centimetre long Royal Sceptre set with brilliants , emeralds and sapphires and the top is surmounted by a small round crown . The Palatinate Pearl is also kept with the crown jewels , however it is not officially part of the collection . As a result of the First World War , the German monarchies were abolished in 1918 and since then , Bavaria has not had a monarch . The Bavarian Crown Jewels are currently on display in the Treasury of the Residenz palace in Munich .

Streeterville is a neighborhood in the Near North Side community area of Chicago , Illinois , United States , north of the Chicago River . It is bounded by the river on the south , the Magnificent Mile portion of Michigan Avenue on the west , and Lake Michigan on the north and east , according to most sources , although the City of Chicago only recognizes a small portion of this region as Streeterville . Thus , it can be described as the Magnificent Mile plus all land east of it . The majority of the land in this neighborhood is reclaimed sandbar . Named for George Streeter , the neighborhood contains a combination of hotels , restaurants , professional office centers , residential high rises , universities , medical facilities , and cultural venues . The area has undergone increased development in the early 21st century as numerous empty lots in Streeterville have been converted into commercial and residential properties , especially in the southern part of the neighborhood . The neighborhood had earlier experienced booms following World War I and World War II .

Tera Mera Ki Rishta is a 2009 Indian Punjabi language romantic drama film directed by Navaniat Singh and produced by Mukesh Sharma . The film stars Jimmy Sheirgill and Kulraj Randhawa in lead roles along with Anupam Kher , Raj Babbar , Archana Puran Singh , Gurpreet Ghuggi , Binnu Dhillon , Rana Ranbir , Balkaran Brar , Tee Jay Sidhu , Dolly Minhas and Akshita in supporting roles . The Movie was released worldwide on 10 April 2009 and had earned $ 108,741 in first two weeks . The movie was shot by Spice Cine Vision Studios and was distributed by Eros International . The movie was stated to be the costliest Punjabi movie ever made and was the first Punjabi movie to be shot in Switzerland . Tera Mera Ki Rishta was also the first Punjabi Movie to be promoted online by www.punjabiportal.com and an official movie launch center website was also introduced . This movie is the remake of super hit Telugu movie Nuvvostanante Nenoddantana

Dormont is a borough in Allegheny County , Pennsylvania , United States and is part of the Pittsburgh Metro Area . The population was 8,593 at the 2010 census . Dormont is a home to a diverse population including young professionals , working families , and retirees . Dormont 's economic stability can be attributed to this diversity along with its close proximity to jobs in Downtown Pittsburgh , access to The " T " ( Pittsburgh Light Rail ) , diverse housing stock , and historically low crime rates . Dormont is mixed use and urban and features a pedestrian friendly business district , with bars , coffee shops , restaurants , and retail stores . It is famous for one of the largest municipal pools in Pennsylvania , the historic Dormont Pool . Loosely translated , Dormont means " Mountain of Gold " in French .

Moses French Colby ( July 2 , 1795 – May 4 , 1863 ) was a doctor and politician in Canada East . He was born in Thornton , New Hampshire in 1795 but moved to Derby , Vermont with his family in 1798 . He studied medicine with the local doctor there , then went on to further medical studies at Yale College and Dartmouth College . He returned to Derby to practice . In 1828 , he studied anatomy at Harvard College . In 1832 , after qualifying as a physician in Lower Canada , Colby moved to Stanstead . Besides practicing medicine , he also contributed to medical journals and produced his own remedies . He was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Lower Canada for Stanstead in an 1837 by - election and served until March 27 , 1838 , when the province was put under the rule of a special council after the Lower Canada Rebellion . He ran unsuccessfully in 1841 for a seat in the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada . In 1847 , he was named surgeon for the local militia regiment . He died at Stanstead in 1863 . His son , Charles Carroll Colby , later represented Stanstead in the Canadian House of Commons .

The Anthony Power Development Scheme , part of the Pieman River power development scheme , was a proposed scheme for damming parts of the upper catchment of the Pieman River in Western Tasmania , Australia . Proposed by the Hydro - Electric Commission of Tasmania , approved by the Tasmanian Government in 1983 , and environmental management established in 1984 , the scheme proposed the development of five dams across various rivers that drain the West Coast Range towards the Southern Ocean . However , as a result of political and legal opinion that , most notably , saw the overturning of the proposed Franklin Dam in South West Tasmania , only one of the dams proceeded , the Anthony Dam and adjacent Anthony Levee , both across the Anthony River that formed Lake Plimsoll and enabled the creation of the Tribute Power Station .

Southside is the debut studio album by American R&B ; recording artist Lloyd . It was released on July 20 , 2004 , by The Inc. Records and Def Jam Recordings ( see 2004 in music ) . The singer teamed with several of record producers such as Chink Santana , Rodney Jerkins , Irv Gotti and Jasper Cameron , among others . The album garnered a mostly positive reception from music critics , and produced the successful top thirty Billboard 200 hit , " Southside " with label - mate Ashanti and " Hey Young Girl " which failed chart or sell noticeably . Soon considered a commercial failure , it reached the top ten of U.S. Billboard 's Top R&B;/Hip - Hop Albums chart at number three , and number eleven on the Billboard 200 , selling over 67,000 copies in its first week .

Boston is an American rock band from Boston , Massachusetts , who had their most notable successes during the 1970s and 1980s . Centered on multi - instrumentalist founder and leader Tom Scholz , who played the majority of instruments on the debut album , the band is a staple of classic rock radio playlists . Boston 's best - known works include the songs " More Than a Feeling " , " Peace of Mind " , " Foreplay / Long Time " , " Rock and Roll Band " , " Smokin ' " , " Do n't Look Back " , " A Man I 'll Never Be " , and " Amanda " . They have sold more than 75 million records worldwide , including 31 million albums in the United States , of which 17 million were from their self - titled debut album and seven million were for their second album , Do n't Look Back , making them one of the world 's best - selling artists . Altogether , the band has released six studio albums over a career spanning over 40 years . Boston were ranked the 63rd best hard rock artist by VH1 .

Booming Back at You is the fifth studio album by Dutch electronic musician , remixer and producer Tom Holkenborg , better known as Junkie XL . It was released on 11 March 2008 by Artwerk , the joint venture of video game developer Electronic Arts and music company Nettwerk . The album was moderately successful in the charts , reaching number eleven in the Billboard Top Electronic Albums and becoming Junkie 's first album to chart in the United States . The song " More " has been featured in the soundtrack of video game , " Mad Pursuit " was featured in the film 21 and the video game UEFA Euro 2008 , and " Cities in Dust " was featured in the episode " Woman On the Verge " of the television series Gossip Girl and the video game Burnout Paradise .

Below is a list of the neighbourhoods and suburbs of Belgrade , the capital city of Serbia . Each neighbourhood or suburb is categorised by the municipality in which it is situated . The City of Belgrade is divided into seventeen municipalities , of which ten are urban and seven suburban . Six of these ten urban municipalities are completely within the bounds of Belgrade City Proper , while the remaining four have both urban and suburban parts . The seven suburban municipalities , on the other hand , are completely located within suburban bounds . Municipalities of the City of Belgrade are officially divided into local communities ( Serbian : месна заједница / mesna zajednica ) . These are arbitrary administrative units which on occasion correspond to the neighbourhoods and suburbs located in a municipality , though usually they do n't . Their boundaries often change as the communities merge with each other , split from one another , or change names , so the historical and traditional names of the neighbourhoods survive . In the majority of cases , especially in the old urban areas of Belgrade , the neighbourhoods and suburbs do n't have firm geographical or administrative boundaries . This sometimes causes confusion even among Belgraders , as many have different views on where one neighbourhood or suburb ends and another begins . Cases of this kind of contention include : Boundaries shaped through history , in many cases overlapping ( Palilula – Hadžipopovac – Profesorska Kolonija ) . Sub - neighbourhoods or parts of a larger neighbourhood ( Čukarica – Banovo Brdo – Čukarička Padina ) . Different names for the same areas ( Englezovac – Savinac – Vračar ) . Neighbourhoods of the same name stretching outside their own municipalities ( sometimes even with the same name : extreme west of the neighbourhood of Palilula ( Jevremovac ) belongs to the municipality of Stari Grad , not the municipality of Palilula ) . Some are completely located in another municipality ( Selo Rakovica is located in the municipality of Voždovac , not in the municipality of Rakovica ) . Inhabitants of one neighbourhood , even though geographically belonging to one area , consider themselves inhabitants of another ( Bežanija – Bežanijski Blokovi ) .

The Universal Declaration of Human Rights was drafted from early 1947 to late 1948 by Drafting Committee the first United Nations Commission on Human Rights . Further discussion and amendments were made by the Commission on Human Rights , the Economic and Social Council and the General Assembly of the United Nations . Members of the Commission who contributed significantly to the creation of the Declaration included Canadian John Peters Humphrey of the United Nations Secretariat , Eleanor Roosevelt of the United States ( who chaired the Drafting Committee ) , René Cassin of France , Charles Malik of Lebanon , P. C. Chang of Republic of China ( Taiwan ) , and Hansa Mehta of India among others . While not a member of the drafting committee , the French philosopher Jacques Maritain was influential in the lead up to the drafting of the Universal Declaration , advocacy for it within UNESCO in 1947 - 8 , and in its subsequent advancement .

The West Fork Salmon River is a tributary of the Salmon River in Clackamas County in the U.S. state of Oregon . Beginning near Timberline Lodge at the base of Mount Hood in the Cascade Range , it flows generally south to meet the main stem Salmon near Red Top Meadow , slightly south of the intersection of U.S. Route 26 and Oregon Route 35 . The entire course of the river , which has no named tributaries , lies within the Mount Hood National Forest . Alpine Campground is about halfway between the West Fork and the main stem to the east . The highest campground in the Mount Hood National Forest , it is near Timberline Lodge and offers access to trails for hiking and mountain biking . Open from early June through early September , the campground sometimes has snow in mid - summer .

KeyBank Pavilion ( originally Coca - Cola Star Lake Amphitheater ) is an outdoor amphitheater in Burgettstown , Pennsylvania , United States , 25 miles west of Pittsburgh . The venue holds approximately 23,000 fans : 7,100 in a reserved - seating , open - air pavilion and an additional 16,000 on a general - admission lawn . It is owned and operated by Live Nation . The venue opened as Coca - Cola Star Lake Amphitheater and hosted its first national act , Billy Joel , on June 17 , 1990 . A second show was added on June 18 , 1990 due to the record - breaking response . Since then , it has hosted many other " big - name " concerts . In 2000 , the name of the venue was changed to the Post - Gazette Pavilion after the Pittsburgh Post - Gazette bought the naming rights . In February 2010 , the publication announced it had not renewed its contract for naming rights to the facility , leading to First Niagara Bank to snatch up the naming rights . The facility was renamed again in 2016 after KeyCorp finished its acquisition of First Niagara . The facility has lost some business since the 2010 opening of Stage AE , which is located within the city of Pittsburgh on the North Shore next to Heinz Field .

The Second Faymann government was a government of Austrian Chancellor Werner Faymann . It took office on 16 December 2013 following the 2013 legislative election , succeeding the First Faymann government . On 17 May 2016 , it was succeeded by the Kern government , following Faymann 's resignation amidst the 2016 presidential election . In the 2013 legislative election the Social Democratic Party of Austria and the Austrian People 's Party lost 5 seats and 4 seats , respectively , but with a total of 99 seats they remained in majority . On 14 October 2013 the two parties began government formation talks with each other , which resulted in the Second Faymann government that was appointed by President of Austria Heinz Fischer . The government consists of 7 ministers from the Social Democratic Party of Austria , 6 ministers from the Austrian People 's Party while 2 ministers are Independent . Minister for Foreign Affairs Sebastian Kurz is at the age of 27 the youngest person ever in Austria 's history to become Federal Minister ; he is also the youngest Minister for Foreign Affairs in the European Union . On 9 May 2016 , shortly after the first round of the 2016 presidential election , Chancellor Faymann declared he would step down . Vice Chancellor Mitterlehner took over as interim Chancellor .

Charles Fagan ( 1 October 1881 – 8 May 1974 ) was an Irish politician . A farmer before entering politics , he was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a National Centre Party Teachta Dála ( TD ) for the Longford – Westmeath constituency at the 1933 general election . He became a Fine Gael TD on 8 September 1933 when Cumann na nGaedheal and the National Centre Party , along with the Army Comrades Association merged to form the new party of Fine Gael . He was elected as a Fine Gael TD for the Meath – Westmeath constituency at the 1937 general election . He was re - elected at the 1938 , 1943 and 1944 general elections . He left Fine Gael in 1948 and was elected as an independent TD for Longford – Westmeath at the 1948 general election , and was re - elected as an independent TD at the 1951 general election . He re - joined Fine Gael in 1954 and was elected as a Fine Gael TD for Longford – Westmeath at the 1954 general election , and was re - elected at the 1957 general election . He did not contest the 1961 general election .

Frederik Van Lierde ( born 25 May 1979 ) is a Belgian professional triathlete and 2013 Ironman triathlon world champion . Van Lierde has been coached for two years by two - time Ironman champion and former world record holder Luc Van Lierde , to whom he is not related . He came in third in the 2012 Ironman World Championship . On 13 October 2013 , Van Lierde won the same championship , becoming only the second Belgian to win the Ironman , after Luc Van Lierde . He finished the race with a 51:02 swim , a 4:25:37 bike and a 2:51:18 marathon to capture the win in total of 8:12:29 . It was the eighth - fastest time in the 35-year history of the event . In March 2017 , Van Lierde was allegedly attacked and robbed while training in Port Elizabeth , South Africa .

Franklin District was a New Zealand territorial authority that lay between the Auckland metropolitan area and the Waikato Plains . As a formal territory it was abolished on 31 October 2010 and divided between Auckland Council in the Auckland Region ( 39.82 percent by land area ) to the north and Waikato and Hauraki districts in the Waikato Region ( 60.18 percent ) to the south and east . The Auckland portion is now part of the Franklin ward , which also includes rural parts of the former Manukau City . Before its abolition , it was administered from the town of Pukekohe . Out - going Franklin District Mayor Mark Ball had proposed that Franklin district become an independent unitary authority , fulfilling both the functions of a local and regional council . However , this was rejected by Minister Rodney Hide .

Bust a Groove is a hybrid music / fighting video game for the Sony PlayStation released in 1998 . The game was published by the Japanese video game developer Enix in Japan and brought to the U.S. by now - defunct 989 Studios and SCEE in Europe . It is available for download on the European PlayStation Store for the PlayStation 3 system , with plans for release on the United States PlayStation 3 store . The original Japanese game was titled ; in the U.S. , it became Bust - A - Groove because the Japanese puzzle series Puzzle Bobble was already going under the name Bust - A - Move for its American incarnation . The game combined PaRappa the Rapper - like rhythm - based gameplay with fighting game elements , including special moves designed to damage the opponent and a focus on head - to - head competitive play . The sequel , Bust a Groove 2 , unlike its predecessor , was never released in Europe . A third game in the series , Dance Summit 2001 was only released in Japan on the PlayStation 2 .

Look Mickey ( also known as Look Mickey ! ) is a 1961 oil on canvas painting by Roy Lichtenstein . Widely regarded as the bridge between his abstract expressionism and pop art works , it is notable for its ironic humor and aesthetic value as well as being the first example of the artist 's employment of Ben - Day dots , speech balloons and comic imagery as a source for a painting . The painting was bequeathed to the Washington , D.C. , National Gallery of Art upon Lichtenstein 's death . Building on his late 1950s drawings of comic strips characters , Look Mickey marks Lichtenstein 's first full employment of painterly techniques to reproduce almost faithful representations of pop culture and so satirize and comment upon the then developing process of mass production of visual imagery . In this , Lichtenstein pioneered a motif that became influential not only in 1960s pop art but continuing to the work of artists today . Lichtenstein borrows from a Donald Duck illustrated story book , showing Mickey Mouse and Donald Duck during a fishing mishap . However , he makes significant alterations to the original source , including modifying the color scheme and perspective , while seeming to make statements about himself . The work dates from Lichtenstein 's first solo exhibition , and is regarded by art critics as revolutionary both as a progression of pop art and as a work of modern art in general . It was later reproduced in his 1973 painting , Artist 's Studio — Look Mickey , which shows the painting hanging prominently on a facing wall of Lichtenstein 's studio .

Sally Engelhard Pingree is an American philanthropist and a daughter of the industrialist Charles W. Engelhard Jr. and his wife , Jane ( the former Marie Annette Reiss Mannheimer ) . Pingree is a sister - in - law of fashion designer Oscar de la Renta . She is a trustee of the Charles Engelhard Foundation and is known for her contributions to progressive environmental , social , and educational causes . She has also been a major political donor to Democratic Party causes , including that of her former sister - in - law Chellie Pingree . Pingree serves on boards at Boston College , the Carter Center , National Geographic Society , and St. Andrew 's School . She is a graduate of Trinity College . She has two children and lives in Washington , D.C .. Pingree is divorced from Sumner Pingree III , whom she married in 1978 .

Police Review ( also known as Jane 's Police Review ) was a weekly magazine for police officers in the United Kingdom , latterly published by Jane 's Information Group . The magazine was founded in 1893 as The Police Review and Parade Gossip , aiming to ( in its own words ) ' cultivate the self - respect of the constabulary of this country , to raise them in the esteem and regard of all their fellow citizens ' . Since its foundation , the magazine was published every week without fail , celebrating the appearance of its 6000th issue on 10 October 2008 . On 18 November 2011 Police Review ceased publication in all forms . The magazine acted as an independent forum for the sharing of opinions and a supporter of various campaigns to improve standards in policing . Issues covered by the magazine have ranged from complaints about the discomfort of regulation footwear to disputes about pay reform .

Al Chang ( July 13 , 1922 – September 30 , 2007 ) was an American military photographer twice nominated for the Pulitzer Prize . He was a dock worker in 1941 when he witnessed the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor , and would later work as a military photographer for the U.S. Army , serving in World War II , and the Korean War and the Vietnam War . He briefly left the armed forces to work for National Geographic and the Associated Press during the Vietnam War , but then returned to work for the Army during the war . His work includes photographs of the official surrender of Japan aboard the , and a photograph of an American sergeant embracing a fellow soldier which was featured in Edward Steichen 's The Family of Man .

The Berlin movement was an anti - Semitic intellectual and political movement in the German Empire in the 1880s . The movement was a collection of unassociated individuals and organizations . The movement developed in the aftermath of the Panic of 1873 that led to a recession in the United States and parts of the western European economy . It assailed Jews and capitalism ; along with this critique it opposed liberalism and it represented a fear of social democracy . Finally , the movement came out of a racial conception of national identity on the part of the German middle class . The movement had several leaders . The journalist and author Otto Glagau led a journal , Der Kulturkämpfer , [ The Culture Warrior ] that propagated these ideas . The Lutheran theologian and politician , Adolf Stoecker , led the Christian Social Party . He was the only elected representative of the party in the Reichstag . The movement lost strength after the CSP 's losses in the 1887 elections . Additionally , the Chancellor Otto von Bismarck distanced himself from the party . The significance of the movement laid in its being the first anti - Semitic movement in modern Germany .

Melana Chasmata is the second full - length album by Swiss extreme metal band Triptykon , released through Prowling Death Records / Century Media Records on 14 April 2014 in Europe and on 15 April 2014 in North America . The album was officially announced on 22 October 2013 by the band 's frontman , Thomas Gabriel Fischer ( a.k.a . " Tom Warrior " ) , on his official blog . The title is in Greek ( Μελανά Χάσματα ) and , according to Fischer , it can be roughly translated as " black , deep depressions / valleys " — or , more literally , " chasms as [ black as ] ink " . The album 's artwork was provided by famous Surrealist painter H. R. Giger . It is the third time in his career he has collaborated with Thomas Fischer ; Giger also provided artwork for Fischer 's former band Celtic Frost 's first full - length , To Mega Therion , in 1985 , and to Triptykon 's debut Eparistera Daimones in 2010 . It was Giger 's last album cover before his death , just one week before the album 's release . A music video for the track " Aurorae " was released on 7 August 2014 . Another video , to " Tree of Suffocating Souls " , was released on 17 November 2014 . Song In The Sleep of Death is referring to Emily Brontë as about a lost love .

The Tikchik River is a stream , long , in the U.S. state of Alaska . Beginning at Nishlik Lake in the Kuskokwim Mountains , it flows southeast into Tikchik Lake , north of Dillingham . Tikchik Lake empties into the Nuyakuk River , a tributary of the Nushagak River , which flows to Nushagak Bay , an arm of Bristol Bay . Water from Upnuk Lake flows about to join the river downstream of Nishlik Lake . Both lakes and the river lie within Wood - Tikchik State Park , at the largest state park in the United States . Alaska Fishing says the river " makes an exciting float ... with some potentially good fishing ... " . Boating dangers include overhanging vegetation and bears , which feed on salmon . The main game fish frequenting the Tikchik are Arctic grayling , char , and red salmon , as well as lake trout in the lakes .

Ilves Tampere is a Finnish football club , based in Tampere . In the 2018 season they play in the Veikkausliiga , the highest level in Finland . They play most of their domestic league games at the Tammela Stadium , with European matches and some domestic games played at the Ratina Stadium . In 1974 Ilves - Kissat Tampere and TaPa Tampere merged with Ilves , and the club took Ilves - Kissat 's place in the Mestaruussarja . Ilves won the Finnish league championship in 1983 and the Finnish Cup in 1979 and 1990 . In the late 1990 's , Ilves suffered financial trouble and its professional team was reformed into Tampere United before the 1999 season . The initial plan was to join Ilves with TPV , but TPV decided to continue as its own team . As a result , Tampere United inherited Ilves ' place in the second highest division , and Ilves continued to play in lower divisions , although they did not have a men 's team from 1999 to 2007 . Ilves has since recovered and was promoted to Ykkönen for the 2013 season . Two years later , they got promoted to the highest league after MyPa lost their place .

The Paulsboro Public Schools is a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in kindergarten through twelfth grade from Paulsboro , in Gloucester County , New Jersey , United States . As of the 2014 - 15 school year , the district and its four schools had an enrollment of 1,142 students and 106.1 classroom teachers ( on an FTE basis ) , for a student – teacher ratio of 10.8:1 . The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group " A " , the lowest of eight groupings . District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts . From lowest socioeconomic status to highest , the categories are A , B , CD , DE , FG , GH , I and J. Students in ninth through twelfth grades from Greenwich Township attend the district 's high school as part of a sending / receiving relationship with the Greenwich Township School District . As of the 2014 - 15 school year , the high school had an enrollment of 374 students and 36.2 classroom teachers ( on an FTE basis ) , for a student – teacher ratio of 10.3:1 .

Bru is an island in Rennesøy municipality in Rogaland county , Norway . The island lies south of the Boknafjorden , just off the coast of the Stavanger peninsula , along the Byfjorden . The highest point on the island is the tall mountain , Brufjellet . The island sits in a group of islands with Sokn and Mosterøy to the north and Åmøy to the east . The island has a road connection to the mainland . There is a bridge on the northeast side of Bru connecting it to the island of Sokn , to the north . Sokn is connected to the mainland by the Byfjord Tunnel , part of the European route E39 highway . The tunnel actually passes below the island of Bru on its way to Stavanger . The island is populated , mostly on the eastern side in what is referred to as the village of Bru . There is a growing population of commuters who live on the island and work in the nearby city of Stavanger . The soil is cultivated on the eastern part of the island , while the western part is mainly moorland . Most farmers on the island keep sheep .

Canada – New Zealand relations refers to international relations between New Zealand and Canada . New Zealand and Canada have a longstanding relationship that has been fostered by both countries ' shared history and culture , by their membership of the Commonwealth of Nations and links between residents of both countries . The two countries have a common Head of State in Queen Elizabeth II ( legally , the Queen is equally and separately the Head of State of both nations , as Queen of Canada and Queen of New Zealand ) . New Zealand and Canada also have links through business or trade relations , the United Nations , the Commonwealth of Nations and mutual treaty agreements . New Zealand - Canada relations are therefore important to both countries .

Antwerp ( , , ) is a city in Belgium , and is the capital of Antwerp province in Flanders . With a population of 520,504 , it is the most populous city proper in Belgium . Its metropolitan area houses around 1,200,000 people , coming in second behind Brussels . Antwerp is on the River Scheldt , linked to the North Sea by the Westerschelde estuary . It is about north of Brussels , and about from the Dutch border . The Port of Antwerp is one of the biggest in the world , ranking second in Europe and within the top 20 globally . Antwerp was also the place of the world 's oldest stock exchange building , originally built in 1531 and re - built in 1872 . Antwerp has long been an important city in the Low Countries , both economically and culturally , especially before the Spanish Fury ( 1576 ) and in the Dutch Revolt . The inhabitants of Antwerp are nicknamed Sinjoren ( ) , after the Spanish honorific señor or French seigneur , " lord " , referring to the Spanish noblemen who ruled the city in the 17th century . Today Antwerp is a major trade and cultural centre . The city hosted the 1920 Summer Olympics .

Pymatuning State Park is a Pennsylvania state park covering in Conneaut , North Shenango , Pine , Sadsbury , South Shenango , West Fallowfield and West Shenango Townships , Crawford County , Pennsylvania , in the United States . Pymatuning State Park is the largest state park in Pennsylvania and contains the of Pymatuning Lake , three - quarters of which is in Pennsylvania and one - quarter of which is in Ohio . A three - mile ( 5   km ) causeway extends between Pennsylvania and Ohio near the center of the lake . The lake provides fishing and boating year round . There are two natural areas , Clark Island ( ) and Blackjack ( ) in the park . The park is also home to the University of Pittsburgh 's Pymatuning Laboratory of Ecology . Like all Pennsylvania state parks , admission to the Pymatuning State Park is free . The northern access for Pymatuning State Park can be reached from U.S. Route 6 and the southern access is reached from U.S. Route 322 . Pymatuning State Park was chosen by the Pennsylvania Department of Conservation and Natural Resources ( DCNR ) and its Bureau of Parks as one of " 25 Must - See Pennsylvania State Parks " .

The Canadian Screen Award for Best First Feature , formerly the Claude Jutra Award , is a special Canadian film award , presented by the Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television to the year 's best feature film by a first - time film director . The award was previously named in memory of Claude Jutra , a Canadian film director who died in 1986 . Formerly part of the Genie Awards ceremonies , the Claude Jutra Award was transitioned to be part of the Canadian Screen Awards . Following the February 2016 publication of Yves Lever 's biography of Jutra , containing allegations that Jutra had sexually abused underage children during his lifetime , the Academy announced that it was renaming the award to its current name . Québec Cinéma also removed Jutra 's name from its Prix Jutra ceremonies on the same day . The award is a juried prize whose winner is announced in advance , although the prize is formally presented to the winner at the ceremony . To date three films , The Confessional ( Le Confessionnal ) , and Away from Her , have won both the Best First Feature and Best Picture awards in the same year ; all three films ' directors also won the award for Best Director for the same films .

Tikhon Nikolayevich Khrennikov (;   – 14 August 2007 ) , HSL , PAU , was a Russian and Soviet composer , pianist , and leader of the Union of Soviet Composers , who was also known for his political activities . He wrote three symphonies , four piano concertos , two violin concertos , two cello concertos , operas , operettas , ballets , chamber music , incidental music and film music . During the 1930s , Khrennikov was already being hailed as a leading official Soviet composer . In 1948 , Andrei Zhdanov , the leader of the anti - formalism campaign , nominated Khrennikov as Secretary of the Union of Soviet Composers . He held this influential post until the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991 .

Franklin County Regional Airport , formerly known as Chambersburg Municipal Airport , is a general aviation airport located three miles ( 5   km ) north of the Borough of Chambersburg , in Franklin County , Pennsylvania , USA . The airport is situated approximately 45 miles southwest of Harrisburg . In 2004 , the Susquehanna Area Regional Airport Authority ( SARAA ) bought Franklin County Regional Airport and formed a Study Advisory Group ( SAG ) to develop a list of recommended improvements at the airport . Those improvements included : rehabilitation of the runway , taxiway , ramp area and other landside faculties , additional parking , signage , hangars , an automated weather observation station ( AWOS ) and a fueling service . The improvements will be made on a priority basis and as grant monies become available .

Surasu was a Malayalam – language playwright and actor from Kerala , India . He introduced to Malayali audiences a new genre of drama known as mozhiyattam which is a fusion of poetry and theatre . He won the Kerala Sahitya Akademi Award in 1977 for the play Vishwaroopam which is regarded as his best work . Surasu wrote the script for some Malayalam films such as Randu Penkuttikal . He also acted in a few films . ' Surasu ' was his screen name selected by himself and literally that word means an alcoholic . Surasu was married to drama artist Ambujam Surasu . Since 2004 , a drama festival is organised every year in Kozhikode , Kerala in memory of Surasu . The festival was earlier known as Surasu Drama Festival but has been renamed as Kozhikodan Drama Festival since 2010 .

Karen Poole , is an English singer - songwriter , who gained initial fame with her sister , Shelly Poole , as the duo Alisha 's Attic . The band had substantial success in the UK and Europe and produced three albums including the Platinum selling Alisha Rules the World . She was born in Chadwell Heath , London , and is the daughter of 1960s vocalist Brian Poole , lead singer of the Tremeloes . She has had over 35 top 20 U.K. hits as a songwriter plus a wealth of international success . She is Brit and Ivor Novello award - nominated . In 2015/16 she co - wrote for   Bridget Jones ' Diary ( musical )   with Lily Allen and Greg Kurstin In March 2017 , Poole signed an exclusive worldwide publishing agreement with EKKO Music Rights Europe .

An ice giant is a giant planet composed mainly of elements heavier than hydrogen and helium , such as oxygen , carbon , nitrogen , and sulfur . There are two known ice giants in the Solar System : Uranus and Neptune . In astrophysics and planetary science the term " ices " refers to volatile chemical compounds with freezing points above about 100   K , such as water , ammonia , or methane , with freezing points of 273   K , 195   K , and 91   K , respectively ( see Volatiles ) . In the 1990s , it was realized that Uranus and Neptune are a distinct class of giant planet , separate from the other giant planets , Jupiter and Saturn . They have become known as ice giants . Their constituent compounds were solids when they were primarily incorporated into the planets during their formation , either directly in the form of ices or trapped in water ice . Today , very little of the water in Uranus and Neptune remains in the form of ice . Instead , water primarily exists as supercritical fluid at the temperatures and pressures within them . Ice giants consist of only about 20 % hydrogen and helium in mass , as opposed to the Solar System 's gas giants , Jupiter and Saturn , which are both more than 90 % hydrogen and helium in mass .

Rena Dor (; 1917 – March 5 , 2000 ) was a Greek actress and a singer . She was the wife of Kostas Hadjihristos . She was born Irini Giannatou ( Ειρήνη Γιαννάτου ) in Patras in 1917 and died in Athens on March 5 , 2000 . She is buried at Athens First Cemetery . She entered the musical theatre . Companioned her lift that she had other actors such as Alekos Leivaditis . She was orphaned from age four and had only nine sisters . She first played for her first time at 113 , mainly as a dancer with Zozo Dalma in a periodical that performed in Egypt . Her first theatrical work along with Marika Krevata and Mimi Kokkini and in 1954 with Krevata , Rena Vlachopoulou . She awarded herseft the Panathinaia ( Pan - Athenian awards ) for her totaling her presentation in the dancing . Her last appearance was in 1978 at the Minoa theatre with N. Eleftheriou Ti Kostakis , ti Antdikos ta plironei o laoutzikos ( Τι Κωστάκης , τι Αντρίκος , τα πληρώνει ο λαουτζίκος )

Castroverde is a municipality in Lugo province , Spain . Castroverde is located in the mid - northeast of the autonomous community of Galicia . Castroverde is very rural area . The main economic activity is milk and meat production . There are also a few rabbit and poultry farms . Rural tourism has some importance with a few rural hotels . Because farming is increasingly automated , Castroverde 's population shrank during the 20th century , and prospects say that this process will continue until the present century . Administrative subdivisions are called parishes ; it has its origin in church organization . These 37 parishes are very rich in archeological vestiges , beautiful churches and chapels , waterwheels and pazos ( beautiful houses of little nobility ) . Remains of an important Castle are also present in Castroverde .

Baxter Creek or Stege Creek ( also archaically Bishop Creek ) , is a three - branch creek in Richmond and El Cerrito , California , United States forming the Baxter Creek watershed . The creek has three sources and flows from the Berkeley Hills to Stege Marsh and the San Francisco Bay . The Baxter Creek watershed at - large has 10 sources . The creek has been largely culverted over the years since the Rancho San Pablo and the subdivided Bishop Ranch , then known as Bishop Creek , were urbanized . Residents missed the creek when it disappeared under the asphalt and formed Friends of Baxter Creek . This group has aided in the restoration of several portions of the creek . Baxter Creek Park , Poinsett Park , and Booker T. Anderson Park are now in a more natural riparian condition , though the Anderson Park portion has been plagued by litter and shopping carts . The Ohlone Greenway bicycle and pedestrian path has its northern terminus at Baxter Creek Gateway Park , located just north of where the BART tracks cross over San Pablo Avenue in Richmond . The origins of the name Baxter Creek is unknown , but historians believe it to be from a family which once owned land in the area . Stege is from Richard Stege and Bishop comes from Thomas Bishop , who once owned large tracts of land in the area . Much of the streamside vegetation that had been restored to Booker T. Anderson Park was chainsawed away and leveled due to concerns that the riparian habitat hid muggings , drug dealings , and public sex from police patrols .

Marian " Clover " Hooper Adams ( September 13 , 1843 – December 6 , 1885 ) was an American socialite , active society hostess , and arbiter of Washington , DC , and an accomplished amateur photographer . Clover , who has been cited as the inspiration for writer Henry James 's Daisy Miller ( 1878 ) and The Portrait of a Lady ( 1881 ) , was married to writer Henry Adams . After her suicide , he commissioned the famous Adams Memorial , which features an enigmatic androgynous bronze sculpture by Augustus Saint - Gaudens , to stand at the site of her , and his , grave . After Clover 's death , Adams destroyed all the letters that she had ever written to him and rarely , if ever , spoke of her in public . She was also omitted from his The Education of Henry Adams . However , in letters to her friend Anne Palmer Fell , he opened up about his 12 years of happiness with Clover and his difficulty in dealing with her loss .

Esporte Clube Vitória , usually known simply as Vitória , is a Brazilian football team from Salvador in Bahia , founded on May 13 , 1899 . The team plays in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A and the Campeonato Baiano , respectively top divisions of national and state football . Vitória 's home games are played at the club 's own stadium , Manoel Barradas , capacity 35,632 . The team plays in red and black horizontal striped shirts , black shorts and black socks . The stripes have changed over time : they have been sometimes vertical , horizontal , wide and narrow . The youth system of the club is one of the most successful of the world , holding , between 1995 and 2000 , at its peak , at least 21 international titles . Recent names that started playing in the club are Bebeto , Vampeta , Dida , Júnior , Hulk , David Luiz , Dudu Cearense , Marcelo Moreno , Gabriel Paulista and others . The rivals of Vitória are Esporte Clube Bahia . Their matches are known as Ba – Vi ( " Ba " from Bahia and " Vi " from Vitória ) . It is one of the most intense rivalries in the country .

The German new humanism or Neuhumanismus was a movement that emerged in Germany around 1750 . The term was coined by the historian Friedrich Paulsen in 1885 . It was a continuation of the original humanism of the renaissance . Central to the movement was a rediscovery of the Antiquity , and the movement was linked to a humanistic idea of knowledge , referred to as Bildung , and to the idea of humanity , the intellectual , physical , and moral formation of " a better human being . " Some its major participants include Johann Matthias Gesner , Johann August Ernesti , Christian Gottlob Heyne , Friedrich August Wolf , Gotthold Ephraim Lessing , Johann Gottfried Herder , Johann Wolfgang von Goethe , Friedrich Schiller , Friedrich Hölderlin and Wilhelm von Humboldt . Its program was described by Friedrich August Wolf as Studia humanitatis which " include anything that contribute to make human Bildung and mental and emotional forces into a beautiful harmony of the inner and outer man . "

Mechelen ( , , traditional English name : Mechlin ) is a city and municipality in the province of Antwerp , Flanders , Belgium . The municipality comprises the city of Mechelen proper , some quarters at its outskirts , the hamlets of ( adjacent ) and ( a few kilometers away ) , as well as the villages of , , , , and . The Dyle ( ) flows through the city , hence it is often referred to as the ( " City on the river ") . Mechelen lies on the major urban and industrial axis Brussels – Antwerp , about 25   km from each city . Inhabitants find employment at Mechelen 's southern industrial and northern office estates , as well as at offices or industry near the capital and Airport , or at industrial plants near Antwerp 's seaport . Mechelen is one of Flanders ' prominent cities of historical art , with Antwerp , Bruges , Brussels , Ghent , and Leuven . It was notably a centre for artistic production during the Northern Renaissance , when painters , printmakers , illuminators and composers of polyphony were attracted by patrons such as Margaret of York , Margaret of Austria and .

" The Revenge " is the seventh episode of the second season of the NBC sitcom Seinfeld , and the show 's 12th episode overall . The story revolves around George Costanza 's ( Jason Alexander ) plot to exact revenge on his boss , with his friend Elaine Benes ' ( Julia Louis - Dreyfus ) help , after he quits his job at Rick Barr Properties and is refused re - employment . Meanwhile , Jerry ( Jerry Seinfeld ) and his neighbor Kramer ( Michael Richards ) get even with a laundromat owner — who they believe has stolen money from Jerry — by pouring cement into one of his washing machines . Written by series co - creator Larry David and directed by Tom Cherones , the episode premiered in the United States on NBC on April 18 , 1991 . Largely based on David 's own experiences , " The Revenge " was the first episode he wrote without Seinfeld 's collaboration . The episode also contains the first mention of Newman , a suicidal man who lives in Jerry and Kramer 's apartment building , who would later become a popular recurring character . As the episode is the first in which Kramer does physical comedy , some cast and crew members consider it a turning point for the show . When first broadcast in the United States , the episode gained a Nielsen rating of 14.4/24 and was met with positive response from critics .

The Royal Australian Naval College ( RANC ) , HMAS Creswell , commonly known as Creswell , is the naval academy of the Royal Australian Navy ( RAN ) that consists of the RAN School of Survivability and Ship 's Safety , Kalkara Flight , the Beecroft Weapons Range and an administrative support department . It is located between Jervis Bay Village and Greenpatch on the shores of Jervis Bay in the Jervis Bay Territory . The current commanding officer of Creswell is Captain Charles Huxtable , RAN , who is also the Superintendent of Naval Waters for Jervis Bay and the lead authority for the conduct and management of Navy 's initial entry , leadership and management training around Australia . Since 1915 , the RANC has been the initial officer training establishment of the Royal Australian Navy .

Live & Inspired is the first live album to be released by the heavy metal band Godsmack . Released on May 15 , 2012 , the album includes a bonus disc of four cover version recordings . Live and Inspired features live renditions of songs from each of the Massachusetts band 's first four studio albums . Disc " 1 " of the album contains 13 tracks recorded during the band 's performance at the Detroit Fox Theatre in 2010 , with the band 's leader , Sully Erna , stating that the venue has a " special kind of fan base " . Although released two years after their then latest studio album , The Oracle , the tracks were performed prior to the release of that album , thus none of its tracks show up on the set list . Disc 2 contains various covers of other rock artists .

Garnet Crow ( stylized as GARNET CROW ) was a Japanese pop / rock band formed in 1999 and associated with the Giza Studio record label . Members include Yuri Nakamura , Hitoshi Okamoto , Nana Azuki , and Hirohito Furui , with Nakamura leading on vocals . Music produced by Garnet Crow has its roots in the Neo Acoustic genre , and representative works include " Flying " , " Yume Mita Ato De " , and " Spiral " . Despite prolific early singles , the band neither performed live nor appeared on TV prior to 2002 . The mixed composition of Garnet Crow and Nakamura 's deep vocals set the group apart from its contemporaries . Each individual member has also seen industry success : Nakamura and Azuki often share the limelight for Garnet Crow , but Okamoto has achieved a solo career and Furui is a sought - after music arranger – one of the highest paid in Japan . On March 30 , 2013 , the band announced their disbandment , with their final concert scheduled to be held on June 9 , 2013 . On June 9 , 2013 they announced that they would break up during the final concert .

This is a list of institutions related to the culture of Sweden . Swedish 20th - century culture is noted by pioneering works by the early days of cinema , with Mauritz Stiller and Victor Sjöström . Later , moguls like Ingmar Bergman and actresses such as Greta Garbo , Ingrid Bergman and Anita Ekberg made careers abroad . Swedish music is in many minds connected with ABBA , although more recently indie bands like The Soundtrack of Our Lives , The Hives , Sahara Hotnights and The ( International ) Noise Conspiracy have started achieving international fame . The Swedish hip hop scene is booming . Swedish literature is also vibrant and active , and Sweden ranks third in the list of countries with the most Nobel Prize laureates in literature .

University of Madras is a public state university in Chennai ( formerly Madras ) , Tamil Nadu , India . Established in 1857 , it is one of the oldest and premier universities in India . The university was incorporated by an act of the Legislative Council of India . It is a collegiate research university and has six campuses in the city viz . , Chepauk , Marina , Guindy , Taramani , Maduravoyal and Chetpet . At present , there are 73 academic departments grouped under 18 schools , covering diverse areas such as sciences , social sciences , humanities , management and medicine along with 109 affiliated colleges and 52 approved research institutions . The National Assessment and Accreditation Council has conferred ' five star ' accreditation to the university and it has been given the status of ' University with Potential for Excellence ' by the University Grants Commission . University of Madras is the alma mater of two Indian Physics Nobel Laureates , including Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar , five Presidents of India , including A.P.J. Abdul Kalam , and several notable mathematicians including Srinivasa Ramanujan .

Fabián A. González Amado ( born 1963 in Buenos Aires , Argentina ) , know with his stage name Tweety González , is an Argentine musician and record producer . He is best known for his work as collaborator keyboardist for the Argentine rock band Soda Stereo . More commonly referred to as Tweety González , he is mostly known for playing the keyboard with Soda Stereo and Fito Páez . Tweety has also been involved in music production and has contributed to artists such as Shakira , Gustavo Cerati , Illya Kuryaki and the Valderramas , Spinetta , Superlitio , Famasloop and several others . Gustavo Cerati 's 2006 Ahí vamos album — in which Tweety participated — won the Latin Grammy for Best Rock Solo Vocal Album .

Perak Malay ( Standard Malay : Bahasa Melayu Perak ; Jawi script : بهاس ملايو ﭬﻴـراق ) is one of the Malay dialects spoken within the state of Perak , Malaysia . Although it is neither the official language nor the standard dialect in the whole state of Perak , its existence which co - exists with other major dialects in the state of Perak still plays an important role in maintaining the identity of Perak . In spite of the fact that there are five main dialects traditionally spoken in Perak , only one of which is intended by the name " Perak Malay " . There are subtle phonetic , syntactic and lexical distinctions from other major Malay dialects . Perak Malay can be divided into two sub - dialects , Kuala Kangsar and Perak Tengah , named after the daerah ( districts ) where they are predominantly spoken .

The Alexandrov Ensemble (; commonly known as the Red Army Choir in the West ) is an official army choir of the Russian armed forces . Founded during the Soviet era , the ensemble consists of a male choir , an orchestra , and a dance ensemble . The Ensemble has entertained audiences both in Russia and throughout the world , performing a range of music including folk tunes , hymns , operatic arias and popular music . The group 's repertoire has included The Volga Boatmen 's Song , Katyusha , Kalinka , and Ave Maria . It is named for its first director , Alexander Vasilyevich Alexandrov ( 1883 – 1946 ) . Its formal name since 1998 has been A. V. Alexandrov Academic Song and Dance Ensemble of the Russian Army ( ) , shortened to Academic Ensemble ( ) on second reference . On 25 December 2016 , its artistic director , Valery Khalilov , and 63 other members of the Ensemble were killed in the Russian Defence Ministry aircraft crash of a 1983 Tupolev Tu-154 into the Black Sea just after takeoff from the southern resort city of Sochi , Russia . The Red Army Choir singers and dancers were en route to Syria to entertain Russian troops there for Orthodox Christmas celebrations .

The President of Harvard University is the chief administrator of the university and the ex officio chairman of the Harvard Corporation . Each is appointed by and is responsible to the other members of that body , who delegate to the president the day - to - day running of the university . Harvard is a famously decentralized university , noted for the " every tub on its own bottom " independence of its various constituent faculties . They set their own academic standards and manage their own budgets . The president , however , plays an important part in university - wide planning and strategy . Each names a faculty 's dean ( and , since the foundation of the office in 1994 , the university 's provost ) , and grants tenure to recommended professors ; however , he or she is expected to make such decisions after extensive consultation with faculty members . Harvard presidents have traditionally influenced educational practices nationwide . Charles W. Eliot , for example , originated America 's familiar system of a smorgasbord of elective courses available to each student ; James B. Conant worked to introduce standardized testing ; Derek Bok and Neil L. Rudenstine argued for the continued importance of diversity in higher education . Recently , however , the job has become increasingly administrative , especially as fund - raising campaigns have taken on central importance in large institutions such as Harvard . Some have criticized this trend to the extent it has prevented the president from focusing on substantive issues in higher education . Each president is professor in some department of the university and teaches from time to time . Harvard 's current president is Lawrence Bacow , formerly the president of Tufts University .

My Vision — Challenges in the Race for Excellence ( Arabic : رؤيتي .. التحديات في سباق التميز ) is a book co - authored by Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum , ruler of Dubai and Vice - President of the United Arab Emirates . The book of His Highness Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid , Vice President and Prime Minister of the United Arab Emirates and Ruler of Dubai , " My vision .. Challenges in the Race for Excellence " , present the vision of His Highness the experience of development , which is based on excellence and move in the UAE and Dubai from their role as a regional economic , The book consists of 223 pages of medium size , which includes two sets of photographs , which joins the content of the book , to tell the whole story development of excellence in Dubai . Include two groups relate to the book public images , and other related personal writer , readers will see some of them published for the first time . The book includes five parts that are going to be explained in the following paragraphs , so read more ..

Robert Humpston VC ( 1832 – 22 December 1884 ) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces . Humpston was about 23 years old , and a private in the 2nd Battalion , The Rifle Brigade ( Prince Consort 's Own ) , British Army during the Crimean War when the following deed took place for which he was awarded the VC . On 22 April 1855 in the Crimea Private Humpston and Private Joseph Bradshaw , on their own , attacked and captured a Russian rifle pit situated among the rocks overhanging the Woronzoff Road . The pit was occupied every night by the Russians and its capture and subsequent destruction was of great importance . His Victoria Cross is displayed at the Royal Green Jackets ( Rifles ) Museum at Winchester in England . Following his death in 1884 Robert Humpston was buried in a pauper 's grave . In September 2007 , following a two - year campaign to raise £ 1,200 to get a headstone for Pte Humpston , his grave was dedicated in a ceremony at Nottingham Cemetery .

Jarmo Viinanen ( born February 23 , 1959 , Imatra ) was a Finnish ambassador to Sweden until 2016 , and was President of the UNICEF Executive Board in 2013 . In addition to this , Viinanen was , from 1997 until 1998 , the First Secretary in the Foreign Ministry 's Department of External Trade Relations . From 1998 to 2000 , Viinanen was the Adviser to the Minister of Foreign Affairs . Between 2000 and 2005 , Viinanen served as the diplomatic adviser to Tarja Halonen , the 11th President of Finland , the Deputy Secretary General and Deputy Chief of Cabinet , as well as the Secretary - General and Chief of Cabinet to Halonen from 2005 - 2009 . Between April 8 , 2009 and 2014 Viinanen held a position as the Permanent Representative of Finland to the United Nations . Viinanen is known to have graduated from the University of Turku with a Master of Arts degree in political science in 1987 .

The Koala Brothers is an Australian - British - American stop - motion animated children 's television show that features the adventures of two koala brothers , Frank and Buster , as they seek to help their neighbours in a sleepy town in the Australian Outback . A notable quality of the series is that although there can be differences of opinion and occasional instances of antisocial or thoughtless behaviour , there are no villains or disagreeable characters . Rather , the emphasis is on helping and being a good friend . Originally aired on ABC Kids ( Australia ) , the show later aired on CBeebies in the United Kingdom , having premiered on 1 September 2003 and Playhouse Disney in the United States , as well as various other international stations . The show aired in reruns on Disney Junior from 2012 – 2013 .

The Bern – Lötschberg – Simplon railway ( BLS ) , known between 1997 and 2006 as the BLS Lötschbergbahn , was a Swiss railway company . In 2006 the company merged with Regionalverkehr Mittelland AG to form a new company called BLS AG . The Bern – Lötschberg – Simplon railway was the largest standard gauge network on the Swiss Railway system apart from the Swiss Federal Railways . The railway had not been built at the time that the Federal government took control of the five big Swiss standard gauge railway companies in 1902 and so it led a separate existence , being considered the largest of the Swiss " private " railways , although the majority of its capital was owned by the cantonal government of Bern , with the Confederation holding about one fifth .

The Pennsylvanian ( also known as Upper Carboniferous or Late Carboniferous ) is , in the ICS geologic timescale , the younger of two subperiods ( or upper of two subsystems ) of the Carboniferous Period . It lasted from roughly Ma ( million years ago ) . As with most other geochronologic units , the rock beds that define the Pennsylvanian are well identified , but the exact date of the start and end are uncertain by a few hundred thousand years . The Pennsylvanian is named after the U.S. state of Pennsylvania , where the coal - productive beds of this age are widespread . The division between Pennsylvanian and Mississippian comes from North American stratigraphy . In North America , where the early Carboniferous beds are primarily marine limestones , the Pennsylvanian was in the past treated as a full - fledged geologic period between the Mississippian and the Permian . In Europe , the Mississippian and Pennsylvanian are one more - or - less continuous sequence of lowland continental deposits and are grouped together as the Carboniferous Period . The current internationally used geologic timescale of the ICS gives the Mississippian and Pennsylvanian the rank of subperiods , subdivisions of the Carboniferous Period .

Munyoro Nyamau ( Hezekiah Munyoro Nyamau ; born December 5 , 1942   or December 6 , 1938 in Riangombe Nene , in Nyaribari Chache ) is a former Kenyan athlete and winner of the gold medal in the 4 × 400 m relay at the 1972 Summer Olympics . He won inter - school championships in Kisii when he was 15 . He reached the semifinals of the 400 m and won a surprise silver medal as a member of the Kenyan 4 × 400 m relay team at the 1968 Summer Olympics . His teammates were Daniel Rudisha , Naftali Bon and Charles Asati . Nyamau won the gold medal in the 4 × 400 m relay at the 1970 British Commonwealth Games . In September 1970 , Nyamau - with teammates Naftali Bon , Thomas Saisi and Robert Ouko - set the men ’s 4x880 yard world record at 7:11.6 . At the Munich Olympics , Nyamau was eliminated in the quarterfinals of the 400 m , but he won the gold medal in the absence of the United States as a member of the Kenyan 4 × 400 m relay team . Other members of the team were Charles Asati , Robert Ouko and Julius Sang . He joined Kenyan army in 1963 and was employed by them until his retirement in 1997 .

Etheostoma etowahae , the Etowah darter , is a rare species of fish in the perch family endemic to Georgia in the United States , where it occurs only in the Etowah River and two of its tributaries . It is a federally listed endangered species of the United States . This fish is brownish or grayish in color with dark blotches on the sides . During the breeding season , the male develops a blue - green color on its breast . This fish lives in creek and river habitat in areas where the riverbed is rocky with gravel , cobbles , or boulders . It can be found in clear riffles with little silt . It lives only in the Etowah River , and the tributaries Long Swamp and Amicalola Creek . This species is endangered by the destruction and alteration of its habitat . It is fragmented , and the remnants are changed in ways that are detrimental to the fish . Its habitats are impounded , and the fish does not tolerate impounded areas such as pools . The water is polluted with silt , surface runoff , and other substances .

Balhannah is a town in the Adelaide Hills about 30   km southeast of Adelaide , the capital of South Australia . It was established in 1839 as a farming community by James Turnbull Thomson , who built the first hotel . The town soon grew to incorporate two once adjoining towns : Gilleston ( named for Osmond Gilles ) and Blythetown , named for James Blythe , another Scottish settler . It is on the main interstate railway between Adelaide and Melbourne . In the past it was the junction for a branch line that ran up the Onkaparinga Valley and beyond to Birdwood and Mount Pleasant . Much of Balhannah is along Onkaparinga Valley Road , although there are some other residential streets , and Greenhill Road terminates near the town centre . One of the larger businesses in the town is a long - established hardware store , now part of the Mitre 10 chain . The fruit cold store built in 1914 was one of the first in Australia and is still in use .

Edward Purcell ( 1689 – 1740 ) was an English organist and composer . Purcell was born in Westminster , London , the only surviving son of the English Baroque master , Henry Purcell , who died in 1695 when Edward was a small child . When his mother Frances died in February 1706 , she stated in her will , and apparently in accordance with her husband 's wishes , that she had given him a good education . She also bequeathed to him music and instruments : " the organ , the double spinnet , the single spinnet " ; possibly the instruments her husband had used . Edward became organist of St Clement Eastcheap , in London at the end of 1711 , a position he retained for the rest of his life . He was unsuccessful in his attempts to succeed his uncle Daniel Purcell as organist of St Andrew 's , Holborn , on 19 February 1718 and again on 3 April 1719 . He eventually became organist at St. Margaret 's , Westminster , on 8 July 1726 , concurrent with his post at Eastcheap . In 1739 , the year before his death , he was one of the founder - members of the London - based musicians ' benevolent society then known as the Society of Musicians ( later to become the Royal Society of Musicians ) . He was buried in St Clement Eastcheap near the organ gallery door , and was succeeded as organist there by his son Edward Henry Purcell ( d. 1765 ) . Edward Purcell published two songs , though the psalm chants often attributed to him seem to be by an earlier namesake , perhaps his uncle Edward .

Amy Grant is an American singer - songwriter , musician , author , media personality and actress , best known for her Christian music . She has been referred to as " The Queen of Christian Pop " . As of 2009 , Grant remains the best - selling contemporary Christian music singer ever , having sold over 30 million units worldwide . Grant made her debut as a teenager , and gained fame in Christian music during the 1980s with such hits as " Father 's Eyes , " " El Shaddai " , and " Angels " . In 1986 , she scored her first number one charting Billboard Hot 100 hit song in a duet with Peter Cetera " The Next Time I Fall " . During the 1980s and 1990s , she became one of the first gospel artists to cross over into mainstream pop on the heels of her successful albums Unguarded and Heart in Motion , the latter of which included the number - one single " Baby Baby . " Grant has won six Grammy Awards , 22 Gospel Music Association Dove Awards , and had the first Christian album ever to go Platinum . Heart in Motion is her highest selling album , with over five million copies sold in the United States alone . She was honored with a star on Hollywood Walk of Fame in 2005 for her contributions to the entertainment industry .

The Second Battle of Dernancourt , known to the Germans as Unternehmen Sonnenschein ( Operation Sunshine ) , was fought on 5 April 1918 near Dernancourt in northern France during World War I. It involved a German Army force attacking an Australian defending force , and resulted in the German capture of much of the forward sector of the Australian front line which ran along a railway line between Albert and Dernancourt . The Australian 4th Division had been sent south to help stem the tide of the German Spring Offensive towards Amiens , and held a line west and north of the Ancre river . The main German assault force was the XXIII Reserve Corps , which concentrated its assault on the line between Albert and Dernancourt . Their attack at the boundary between the Australian 12th and 13th Brigades overwhelmed the Australian front line troops near Dernancourt and captured some support trenches . An Australian counter - attack in the afternoon wrested the initiative from the Germans and their attack petered out , leaving the Australians still in possession of most of the high ground northwest of Dernancourt , barring the way to Amiens .

" Where 's Your Love " is a song by Craig David from his album , Greatest Hits . It features vocals from rapper Tinchy Stryder and singer Rita Ora ( although her vocals are not officially credited ) . It was made available for digital download only , on 10 November 2008 in both Ireland and the United Kingdom . The record is known for the chorus that has been used on various other underground UK garage tracks , Craig David is thought to be paying homage to the genre that made him a star . The song debuted at number 58 on the UK Singles Chart . The song mainly samples the intro from the SE22 mix of " Hold On " by Colours and Stephen Emmanuel , only increasing the tempo .

William Lawrence " Bill " Morrison ( 3 November 1928 – 15 February 2013 ) was an Australian politician who was a member of the Australian House of Representatives and a Cabinet minister in the Whitlam government . Morrison was born in Lithgow , New South Wales and graduated with an honours degree in economics from the University of Sydney in 1949 . He was a diplomat in the Department of External Affairs from 1950 to 1969 , with postings to London , Moscow , Washington , D.C. , Bangkok and Kuala Lumpur . His posting to Moscow was terminated by the expulsion of the entire mission in 1954 as a result of the Petrov Affair . His posting to Malaysia was as Deputy High Commissioner . In 1958 , he married Marty Hessell , an American citizen , in Bangkok .

Råkvåg , ( ) or Råkvågen is a village in the municipality of Indre Fosen in Trøndelag county , Norway . It is located at the inner part of the Stjørnfjorden in the northern part of what was the old municipality of Rissa . It is about north of the village of Husbysjøen and about east of the village of Høybakken in the neighboring municipality of Bjugn . The Ramsvik Church lies just south of the village . The village has a population ( 2017 ) of 239 which gives the village a population density of . Råkvåg is popular with boat owners . It has become a tradition to meet here on one weekend during the summer ( known as Råkvåg - dagene ) , when boats of all sizes and people of all ages gather to relax and socialize . Råkvåg - dagene is usually organized the last weekend of July .

Infinity at Brickell is a skyscraper in Miami , Florida , United States . It is located in Downtown 's Brickell Financial District . When it topped out , it was the 7th tallest building in Miami and Florida . Although not in the same complex , it was built across the street from Infinity II site , hence its name . The location is in southwestern Brickell , on South Miami Avenue near 13th Street . The building opened in 2008 . It is tall , and has 52 floors . It is about shorter than Infinity II was supposed to be . The lower floors of the building are dedicated to office space and retail , while the upper floors are used for residential units . The architects are Adache Group Architects and Borges & Associates .

" Yah Mo B There " is an R&B ; song by American singers James Ingram and Michael McDonald . It was written by Ingram , McDonald , Rod Temperton , and producer Quincy Jones . The song originally appeared on Ingram 's 1983 album It 's Your Night , released on Jones 's Qwest Records label . It was released as a single in late 1983 , peaking at No . 19 on the U.S. charts in 1984 , and No . 44 on the UK charts also in 1984 , ( the remixed version by John Jellybean Benitez hit No . 12 in the Spring of 1985 in the UK ) , and has subsequently appeared on several of Ingram and McDonald 's greatest hits albums as well as various 1980s compilation albums . The performance earned the duo a 1985 Grammy Award for Best R&B ; Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals . It was one of a series of very successful duets involving Ingram . It also received a nomination for Best R&B ; Song , losing to " I Feel for You " ( Prince ) . The song is in reference to God and the power faith can have over difficult times , " Yah " ” being the shortened Yahweh – the Hebrew name for God .

Never Take Friendship Personal is the second album by alternative rock band Anberlin , released on February 1 , 2005 on Tooth & Nail Records . This album was chosen as one of Amazon.com 's Top 100 Editor 's Picks of 2005 . Its singles were " A Day Late " and " Paperthin Hymn " and music videos have been made of each . " ( The Symphony of ) Blasé " is sometimes referred to as " Amsterdam " . The album 's name is inspired by when the band chose to remove guitarist Joey Bruce . The song " Dance , Dance Christa Päffgen " was inspired by multi - talented artist Nico , whose given name was Christa Päffgen . The song references her struggle with drugs and unrelated death .

Peter John Fos ( born 1949 ) was first president and sixth chief executive of the University of New Orleans ( UNO ) from 2012 to 2016 . Prior to accepting the presidency of UNO , Fos was provost and vice president for academic affairs at the University of Texas at Tyler . Fos holds a baccalaureate degree in biological sciences from the University of New Orleans , a doctor of dental surgery from Louisiana State University 's Health Sciences Center in New Orleans , and a doctor of philosophy in health care decision analysis from Tulane University . Prior to his presidency of UNO , he served in teaching , research , and administrative roles not only at UT - Tyler but also at Tulane , University of Southern Mississippi , and University of Nevada Las Vegas . In 2010 he was a finalist for the presidency of the University of Louisiana at Monroe . He is married to Lori Ann Lege Fos .

Hermann Emminghaus ( 20 May 1845 – 17 February 1904 ) was a German psychiatrist who was a native of Weimar . He was a pioneer of child and adolescent psychology , and a founder of developmental psychopathology . He studied medicine at the Universities of Göttingen and Jena , obtaining his medical doctorate in 1869 . Afterwards he was an assistant to Carl Gerhardt ( 1833 - 1902 ) , who was director of the medical clinic in Jena . From 1874 to 1880 he worked at the University of Würzburg , where he was an assistant to Franz von Rinecker ( 1811 - 1883 ) . In 1880 Emminghaus was appointed to the first chair of psychiatry at the University of Dorpat . When he left Dorpat in 1886 , his position was filled by Emil Kraepelin ( 1856 - 1926 ) . In 1886 Emminghaus became a professor of psychiatry at the University of Freiburg , where he instituted a new regimen of treatment for mental patients , including a " no - restraint policy " . His best known written works are a book on general psychopathology called Allgemeine Psychopathologie zur Einführung in das Studium der Geistesstörungen , and a publication on childhood mental illness titled Die psychischen Störungen des Kindesalters . Since 1984 the " Hermann Emminghaus Prize " is awarded every two years in recognition of outstanding scientific work performed in the fields of child and adolescent psychiatry .

Street Survivors is the fifth studio album by Southern rock band , Lynyrd Skynyrd , released on October 17 , 1977 . The LP is the last Skynyrd album recorded by original members Ronnie Van Zant and Allen Collins , and is the sole Skynyrd studio recording by guitarist Steve Gaines . Three days after the album 's release , the band 's chartered airplane crashed en route to Baton Rouge , Louisiana , killing the pilot , co - pilot , the group 's assistant road - manager and three band members ( Van Zant , Gaines , and Gaines ' older sister , backup singer Cassie Gaines ) , and severely injuring most who survived the crash . The album performed well on the charts , peaking at # 5 ( the band 's first top-5 album ) , as did the singles " What 's Your Name " and " That Smell , " the former a top-20 hit on the singles chart . The album was an instant success , achieving gold certification just 10 days after its release . It would later go double platinum .

The Comox Valley Regional District is a regional district in British Columbia , Canada . It was created on February 15 , 2008 , encompassing the southeastern portions of the former Regional District of Comox - Strathcona , and centered about the Comox Valley . The partition left the new Comox Valley Regional District with only 8.4 percent of the former Comox - Strathcona 's land area , but 57.9 percent of its population . The CVRD covers an area of 2,425 square kilometres , of which 1,725 square kilometres is land ( the remainder is water ) , and serves a population of 63,538 according to the 2011 Census . The district borders the Strathcona Regional District to the northwest , the Alberni - Clayoquot Regional District to the southwest , and the Regional District of Nanaimo to the southeast , as well as the Powell River Regional District along the Strait of Georgia to the east . Two Indian reserves , K'omoks Indian Reserve No . 1 and Puntledge Indian Reserve No . 2 lie within its territory but are outside its jurisdiction . The census divisions comprising the new Regional District are the city of Courtenay , the town of Comox , the village of Cumberland , Electoral Areas A , B , and C , and the two stated Indian reserves . The administrative offices are in Courtenay , British Columbia .

Lake Parime or Lake Parima is a legendary lake located in South America . It was reputedly the location of the fabled city of El Dorado , also known as Manoa , much sought - after by European explorers . Repeated attempts to find the lake failed to confirm its existence , and it was dismissed as a myth along with the city . The search for Lake Parime led explorers to map the rivers and other features of southern Venezuela , northern Brazil , and southwestern Guyana before the lake 's existence was definitively disproved in the early 19th century . Some explorers proposed that the seasonal flooding of the Rupununi savannah may have been misidentified as a lake . Recent geological investigations suggest that a lake may have existed in northern Brazil , but that it dried up some time in the 18th century . Both " Manoa " ( Arawak language ) and " Parime " ( Carib language ) are believed to mean " big lake " . Two other mythical lakes , Lake Xarayes or Xaraies ( sometimes called Lake Eupana ) , and Lake Cassipa , are often depicted on early maps of South America .

Gert Kaasik better known as Mäkki , is an Estonian - born Finnish rapper and DJ . Mäkki , born in Tallinn , and living in Finland , came to prominence in the summer of 2013 , when he released a music video and his own version of the Sini Sabotage hit " Levikset repee " followed by his version of Musta Barbaari hit " Salil eka salil vika " Mäkki published later singles and music videos for " Dippaa " , " Kalenteris Tyhjää " and " Grilli Kuumana " making him even more popular . He released his solo album Ihan pomona on 20 February 2015 with collaborations from Kube , Ruma , , , Kuningas Pähkinä , Setä Tamu , and Sini Sabotage . The album peaked at number 11 on the Finnish Albums Chart .

Punch Club ( originally titled VHS Story ) is a sporting management simulation developed by Lazy Bear Games and published by tinyBuild . In the game , the player manages an upcoming boxer in training and preparation for a series of boxing matches at a local club , while searching for clues of who killed their father . The game was developed as a humorous take on action films of the 1980s and 1990s . The game was released in January 2016 for Microsoft Windows , OS X , iOS , and Android , following a Twitch Plays Pokémon - style event on Twitch . A Nintendo 3DS port of the game was announced in a September 2016 Nintendo Direct for release in January 2017 after some delays . Ports for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One were released on March 31 , 2017 . A Nintendo Switch version was released on May 24 , 2018 .

Hanna Lis , née Kedaj ( first married name Smoktunowicz ) ( born 13 May 1970 in Warsaw ) is a Polish TV journalist . She started her career working for Polish National Television ( where , among other duties , she ran the news programme " Teleexpress " ) , but in 2002 transferred to the commercial station TV4 ( dependent on Polsat ) , where she ran another informational programme " Dziennik " . In 2004 she moved to Polsat , where she was an anchor of the news programme Wydarzenia . She filed a report from Poland to CNN during Pope 's John Paul II illness . She spent her childhood in Italy and in 1977 co - represented Poland at the 20th Zecchino d'Oro . Next year she went with the Piccolo Coro dell ' Antoniano choir to the Vatican and sang the same piece for Pope John Paul II . She is married to Tomasz Lis , a popular journalist . In 2002 she made an appearance in the Polish movie Rób swoje ryzyko jest twoje . In 2009 ended her career in television after being let go from hosting " Wiadomości " TVP1 .

Alkali Falls , is a multi - step waterfall of 6 tiers located in the east side of the Rogue – Umpqua Divide Wilderness , just west of Mount Bailey and Diamond Lake , on Oregon Route 230 in douglas County , in the U.S. state of Oregon . It totals 510 feet fall in six drops , the Upper Alkali and tallest drop is 130 feet , making it one of the tallest cascades in Oregon . The waters of Alkali Falls are located in the heart of Alkali Meadows . The waterfall is upstream of Alkali Creek , a narrow width creek that drains into Muir Creek , which in turn is a tributary of the Rogue River just south of Alkali Creek . The Alkali Falls trailhead is USFS No 1055 that spins off Forest Road 6540 - 900 from Oregon Route 230 .

Dancing Stage Fusion is a music video game released by Konami for the European PlayStation and PlayStation 2 on 5 November 2004 . In April of the following year , Dancing Stage Fusion was released as an arcade game . Fusion featured new gameplay features such as EyeToy support for the PlayStation 2 release as well as new music from hit pop artists . The arcade version of Dancing Stage Fusion was the first arcade machine in Europe since Dancing Stage EuroMix 2 and set a milestone as the first Dance Dance Revolution arcade machine produced by Konami since Dance Dance Revolution Extreme in 2002 . The arcade release marked a total game engine upgrade from the old PlayStation - based boards to a new system built on top of an off - the - shelf PlayStation 2 . This hardware upgrade would be later featured in the global release of Dance Dance Revolution SuperNova in 2006 .

Paul Raphaelson ( born 1968 , New York , New York , USA ) , is an American artist best known for urban landscape photography . In the early 1990s , after moving to Providence , Rhode Island , he started producing formally complex , often dark depictions of the urban , suburban , and industrial landscape . This work , which grew into the project titled " Wilderness " continued to evolve when Raphaelson moved to Brooklyn , New York in 1995 . The work went unnoticed by the larger photography art world until it was discovered by Sandra Phillips of the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art . It later caught the attention of former Museum of Modern Art curator John Szarkowski , who acquired prints on behalf of private collections . Raphaelson began working in color in 2005 , continuing to explore urban spaces bordering the occupied and abandoned , and the residential and industrial . In 2012 he brought a hand camera into the New York City subway , photographing passengers through the reflections , obfuscations , and framing of the train windows . In 2013 he was the last photographer granted permission to photograph the Domino Sugar Refinery in Williamsburg , Brooklyn , before its 2014 demolition and redevelopment . He expanded the project beyond ruin photographs , to encompass document , industrial history , and a philosophical exploration of the significance of ruin art in post - industrial popular culture . This project culminated in the 2017 book , Brooklyn 's Sweet Ruin : Relics and Stories of the Domino Sugar Refinery . Raphaelson 's grandfather was the playwright and screenwriter Samson Raphaelson , who practiced photography as an amateur in the 1950s and early 1960s . Raphaelson 's ongoing projects include experiments with images and text , and photographic noise .

Columbia Island is an island located in the Potomac River in Washington , D.C. , in the United States . It formed naturally as an extension of Analostan Island in the latter part of the 1800s , and over time erosion and flooding severed it from Analostan . The U.S. federal government deposited material dredged from the Potomac River on the island between 1911 and 1922 , and again from 1925 to 1927 . The island was also reshaped by the government at this time . It received the name " Columbia Island " about 1918 . In 1968 , the island was renamed Lady Bird Johnson Park . Located within the park are the Lyndon Baines Johnson Memorial Grove , Navy – Merchant Marine Memorial , and the Columbia Island Marina . The island , park , memorials , and marina are part of the George Washington Memorial Parkway and administered by the National Park Service .

Seth Benjamin Green ( born Seth Benjamin Gesshel - Green ; February 8 , 1974 ) is an American actor , voice artist , producer , writer and director . Green is the creator , executive producer , writer , director and is the most - frequent voice on Adult Swim 's Robot Chicken . He directed many of the Robot Chicken specials including and DC Comics Special . His feature films include It , Airborne , The Italian Job , Party Monster , Ca n't Hardly Wait , , Without a Paddle and the Austin Powers series . Green is also known for his role as Chris Griffin on Fox 's Family Guy , previously as Daniel " Oz " Osbourne in Buffy the Vampire Slayer , and Greg the Bunny . He voices Lieutenant Gibbs in Titan Maximum , Jeff " Joker " Moreau in the Mass Effect video game series , and Richie in It ( miniseries ) .

The Curoca is an intermittent river in Namibe Province , southern Angola which has residual lagoons in dry seasons . It is one of only two rivers in Iona National Park , which also includes moving sand dunes of the Namib Desert . The Curoca forms part of the northern border of the park and also runs through the Lagoa dos Arcos and the Regional Natural Park of Namibe ( Parque Natural Regional do Namibe ) . Its mouth is at the Atlantic Ocean , north of the community of Tômbwa . The lagoons support plants including bamboo and thorn trees and animals such as springbok and oryx . Lagoa dos Arcos oasis is noted as a tourist destination . The seasonal flooding of the river supports the limited agriculture and grazing conducted in the area . A San group who live near the river and spoke a language called Curoca but the language is now considered extinct . The members of the group have adopted a Bantu language .

Głubczyce County ( ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Opole Voivodeship , south - western Poland , on the Czech border . It came into being on January 1 , 1999 , as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998 . Its administrative seat and largest town is Głubczyce , which lies south of the regional capital Opole . The county also contains the towns of Kietrz , lying south - east of Głubczyce , and Baborów , south - east of Głubczyce . The county covers an area of . As of 2007 , its total population is 49,818 , out of which the population of Głubczyce is 13,333 , that of Kietrz is 6,317 , that of Baborów is 3,136 , and the rural population is 27,032 .

The Emperor 's Bridge Campaign is a San Francisco - based nonprofit whose mission is to honor the life and advance the legacy of Joshua Abraham Norton ( c.1818 – 1880 ) , better known as the 19th - century San Francisco eccentric , Emperor Norton . The Campaign was launched on 28 September 2013 as a project to carry forward the call of a 1 August 2013 Change.org petition to name the San Francisco - Oakland Bay Bridge — long known locally simply as " the Bay Bridge "— for Emperor Norton , who set out the original vision for the bridge with three newspaper proclamations published in 1872 . Subsequently , the organization has positioned this bridge - naming project within a larger public mission that includes research and documentation ; education ; and advocacy concerning the full life and legacy of Emperor Norton . The Campaign incorporated as a nonprofit in October 2014 .

Umar ibn al - Khattab was one of the earliest figures in the history of Islam . While Sunnis regard Umar ibn al - Khattab in high esteem and respect his place as one of the " Four Righteously Guided Caliphs " , Shia do not view him as a legitimate leader of the Ummah and believe that Umar and Abu Bakr conspired to usurp power from Ali . Shia believe that the Sunni view of Umar was created by the later Umayyad dynasty to honour the man that gave power to the first Umayyad ruler and third Sunni Caliph , Uthman . In this way , it gives legitimacy to Umar 's consultation that started their own dynasty . Shia believe that the Umayyad view was propagated with lethal force and heavy duress and as time went on , that view became predominant and eventually taken as truth , cemented by the works of Bukhari . However , Shi'a believe that despite the perceived white washing of Umar , bits of his true qualities can be found in all sources , including Sunni ones . They also believe that invented positive traits attributed to him do not hold up to closer scrutiny .

Lech Majewski ( pronounced , ‘ Ma - yev - ski’ ) ( born 30 August 1953 ) is a Polish film and theatre director , writer , poet , and painter . Born in Katowice , Poland , Majewski studied at the Academy of Fine Arts in Warsaw . In the 1970s , he then studied at the National Film School in Łódź , notably as a student of Wojciech Has , who taught Majewski directing . In the early 80s , after completing The Knight and as martial law was declared in Poland , Majewski emigrated to England and then to the United States , where he lived for most of the late Communist era . Majewski is a dual U.S .- Polish citizen , and travels often between those and other countries . He is a member of the American and European film academies and the Polish International PEN . Majewski speaks fluent , and excellent , English , but often works with English - speaking natives on his script . That was the initial role that Julian Schnabel had on Basquiat , before Majewski abandoned the project and Schnabel took it over . In 2006 , the Museum of Modern Art in New York City hosted a retrospective of Majewski 's work . This was their first ever full retrospective of a Polish filmmaker , and one of their only ever mid - career retrospectives . For that program , Majewski created the film eventually called Glass Lips , though initially it was known as Blood of a Poet .

Lee Ming - che ( 李明哲 ; born 1975 ) is a Taiwanese pro - democracy activist , detained by Chinese authorities in late March 2017 . After Lee entered the domain of China from Macao , he lost the ability to directly contact his family . There have been calls for his immediate release by human rights activists around the world . These include Hong Kong activist Joshua Wong , who joined Taiwan 's New Power Party Executive Chairman Huang Kuo - chang , and former Sunflower Movement leaders to condemn Lee ’s continued detention . Lee is a former worker for the Democratic Progressive Party and NGO employee , and the incident has led to friction between security institutions in Taiwan and China . A representative of the Chinese government has stated that Lee is under investigation on suspicion of harming national security . Ma Xiaoguang , a spokesman for Beijing 's Taiwan Affairs Office ( TAO ) , has said in a press conference that Lee is " currently in good physical condition " . Lee ’s wife , Lee Ching - yu , called on Beijing to immediately release him , and to clarify the charges brought against him and ensure his rights . Lee has previously used social media to promote the success of Taiwan 's democracy to ' at least 100 people ' in communist China . On this occasion , he had gone to China to arrange for his mother - in - law 's medical treatment . In an effort to find her husband , Lee Ching - yu booked a flight from Taiwan to China on 10 April , however she has been banned from entering China by its Ministry of Public Security . On 13 April , an editorial in Taiwan News asserted that this is the type of situation that should be covered by the “ Cross - Strait Joint Crime - Fighting and Judicial Mutual Assistance Agreement ” . On September 2017 , Lee Ming - che pleaded guilty to " subverting state power " in a court in Hunan . His wife and supporters say his confession was forced .

The Bellmawr School District is a community public school district that serves students in pre - kindergarten through eighth grade from Bellmawr , in Camden County , New Jersey , United States . As of the 2014 - 15 school year , the district and its three schools had an enrollment of 1,618 students and 84.0 classroom teachers ( on an FTE basis ) , for a student – teacher ratio of 19.3:1 . The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group " B " , the second lowest of eight groupings . District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts . From lowest socioeconomic status to highest , the categories are A , B , CD , DE , FG , GH , I and J. For ninth through twelfth grades , public - school students attend Triton Regional High School in neighboring Runnemede , one of three high schools that are part of the Black Horse Pike Regional School District . The other communities in the district are Gloucester Township and Runnemede . As of the 2014 - 15 school year , the high school had an enrollment of 1,230 students and 90.0 classroom teachers ( on an FTE basis ) , for a student – teacher ratio of 13.7:1 . The two other schools in the district are Highland Regional High School and Timber Creek Regional High School , which serve students from Gloucester Township , based on their address .

Galena is the largest city in and the county seat of Jo Daviess County , Illinois , with a population of 3,429 at the 2010 census . A section of the city is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as the Galena Historic District . The city is named for the mineral galena , which was mined by Native Americans in the area for over a thousand years . Owing to these deposits , Galena was the site of the first major mineral rush in the United States . By 1828 , the population was estimated at 10,000 , rivaling the population of Chicago at the time . The city emerged as the largest steamboat hub on the Mississippi River north of St. Louis , Missouri . Galena was the home of Ulysses S. Grant and eight other Civil War generals . Today , the city is a tourist destination known for its history , architecture , and resorts .

Definitely Maybe is the debut studio album by English rock band Oasis . The album was released on 29 August 1994 by Creation Records . It is the band 's only studio album to feature original drummer Tony McCarroll . Definitely Maybe was an immediate commercial and critical success in the United Kingdom , having followed on the heels of the singles " Supersonic " , " Shakermaker " , and " Live Forever " . The album went straight to number one in the UK Albums Chart , and became the fastest - selling debut album in the UK at the time ; it went on to be certified 7× Platinum ( 2.1   million+ sales ) by the BPI . Definitely Maybe marked the beginning of Oasis ' success in the United States , selling over one million copies there despite only peaking at 58 on the Billboard 200 . The album went on to sell over 8 million copies worldwide and brought widespread critical acclaim . Definitely Maybe helped to spur a revitalisation in British pop music in the 1990s , and was embraced by critics for its optimistic themes and supposed rejection of grunge music of the time . The album is regarded as a seminal entry of the Britpop scene , and has appeared in many publications ' list of the greatest albums of all time . In 2006 , the NME conducted a readers ' poll in which Definitely Maybe was voted the greatest album of all time .

Standard Oil Co. Inc. was an American oil producing , transporting , refining , and marketing company . Established in 1870 by John D. Rockefeller and Henry Flagler as a corporation in Ohio , it was the largest oil refinery in the world of its time . Its history as one of the world 's first and largest multinational corporations ended in 1911 , when the United States Supreme Court , in a landmark case , ruled that Standard Oil was an illegal monopoly . Standard Oil dominated the oil products market initially through horizontal integration in the refining sector , then , in later years vertical integration ; the company was an innovator in the development of the business trust . The Standard Oil trust streamlined production and logistics , lowered costs , and undercut competitors . " Trust - busting " critics accused Standard Oil of using aggressive pricing to destroy competitors and form a monopoly that threatened other businesses . Rockefeller ran the company as its chairman , until his retirement in 1897 . He remained the major shareholder , and in 1911 , with the dissolution of the Standard Oil trust into 34 smaller companies , Rockefeller became the richest man in the world , as the initial income of these individual enterprises proved to be much bigger than that of a single larger company . Its successors such as ExxonMobil or Chevron are still among the companies with the largest income worldwide . By 1882 , his top aide was John Dustin Archbold . After 1896 , Rockefeller disengaged from business to concentrate on his philanthropy , leaving Archbold in control . Other notable Standard Oil principals include Henry Flagler , developer of the Florida East Coast Railway and resort cities , and Henry H. Rogers , who built the Virginian Railway .

Anīrân ( Modern Persian , ) or Anērān ( Middle Persian , ) is an ethno - linguistic term that signifies " non - Iranian " or " non - Iran " ( non - Aryan ) . Thus , in a general sense , ' Aniran ' signifies lands where Iranian languages are not spoken . In a pejorative sense , it denotes " a political and religious enemy of Iran and Zoroastrianism . " The term ' Aniran ' derives from Middle Persian anērān , Pahlavi ʼnyrʼn , an antonym of ērān that in turn denoted either the people or the Sasanian Empire . However , " in Zoroastrian literature and possibly in Sasanian political thought as well , the term has also a markedly religious connotation . An anēr person is not merely non - Iranian , but specifically non - Zoroastrian ; and anēr designates also worshipers of the dēws ( " demons " ) or adherents of other religions . " In these texts of the ninth to twelfth century , " Arabs and Turks are called anēr , as are Muslims generally , the latter in a veiled manner . "

Alabama Motorsports Park is being developed north of Mobile , Alabama . It was scheduled to be open in 2012 . The park has plans for a lighted ' D'-shaped oval , a road course , and a karting track along with RV parks , retail shops , and condominium units on the tract . The park was projected to be host to a variety of motorsports , including stock - cars , trucks , open - wheel cars , sports cars , sprint cars , and motorcycles . The seating capacity of the oval was expected to be around 70,000 permanent seats with the ability to expand to 125,000 . Dale Earnhardt Jr. was listed as one of the investors when the park was announced , along with his sister Kelley Earnhardt Elledge and their brother Kerry Earnhardt . As of August 2009 they were no longer affiliated with the park and Dale Earnhardt Jr. 's endorsement was removed from the park 's name . Other investors include former Mobile mayor , Mike Dow . In 2009 the group developing the park received special tax considerations from Prichard , Alabama to build roads and infrastructure on the tract . Saraland , Alabama has not accepted a similar tax agreement with the park yet . The tract is located on the border between Prichard and Saraland .

Pycnarmon alboflavalis is a moth in the family Crambidae . It was described by Frederic Moore in 1888 . It is found in India ( Darjeeling , Sikkim , Andamans , Arunachal Pradesh ) and Bhutan . The wingspan is 20   mm . Adults are white , the forewings with two black costal spots and three bands from the median nervure to the inner margin on the basal area . There is a discocellular black spot and large spots on the origin of veins 2 to 5 , as well as a postmedial line , straight from costa to vein 5 , then bent outwards and fine , with a spot below it on the inner margin . The marginal area is orange with a black speck at the apex and a double submarginal black spot on vein 4 . The hindwings are white with a black spot at the base of the inner margin . There is a double series of black spots from below the lower angle of the cell to the anal angle . The marginal area is orange , with a submarginal black spot on vein 4 and some specks on the margin towards the anal angle .

Gribbin Head ( ) is a promontory on the south coast of Cornwall , England , UK , owned and managed by the National Trust . It separates St Austell Bay from the estuary of the River Fowey and is marked by a large tower used to aid navigation of ships approaching the local harbours . The nearest town is Fowey . The western point of the headland is called Little Gribbin . Gribbin Head is the most southerly part of the parish of Fowey . To the north , and facing west across St Austell Bay is the small village of Polkerris , beyond which is the harbour at Par . To the east is Polridmouth cove and the Fowey estuary , where the town of Fowey itself is situated . Inland , to the north , is the Menabilly estate , built for the Rashleigh family but later home to author Daphne du Maurier . The high promontory forms a part of the South Coast ( eastern ) section of the Cornwall Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty . The South West Coast Path passes around Gribbin Head on its way from Minehead in Somerset to Poole in Dorset .

André Obey (; 8 May 1892 at Douai , France – 11 April 1975 at Montsoreau , near the Loire River ) was a prominent French playwright during the inter - war years , and into the 1950s . He began as a novelist and produced an autobiographical novel about his adolescence le Joueur de triangle ( The Triangle Player ) . After his meeting with Jacques Copeau , he devoted himself completely to dramatic works . In 1945 Obey became provisional general administrator of the Comédie - Française . He was made full general administrator in 1946 , and resigned in 1947 after just under a year 's service . Obey 's play Le Viol de Lucrèce was drawn on by Ronald Duncan for the libretto of Benjamin Britten 's opera The Rape of Lucretia . Obey served as general administrator of the Comédie - Française , in a provisional capacity from October 1945 until 6 April 1946 , then with full powers until his resignation on 5 February 1947 .

Chervona Ruta was a Ukrainian music group that performed between 1971 and 1990 . Chervona Ruta group was created in 1971 by Anatoliy Evdokimenko with the Chernivtsi Philharmonic specially for the accompaniment of Sofia Rotaru . The founding members of the group were part of the pop orchestra of the Chernivtsi University . For a long time , outside performances of the group by itself at occasional tours , Chervona Ruta was overshadowed by the People 's Artist of Ukraine , People 's Artist of Moldova , People 's Artist of USSR - Sofia Rotaru . After Sofia Rotaru , other widely popular artists as Arkadiy Khoralov and Meritorious Artist of Moldova Anastasia Lazariuc started their career with Chervona Ruta . In 1981 , the band was awarded Grand - Prix for the high artistic level of performance at the singers ' competition in Yalta . The soloist of the band , Sofia Rotaru , became the laureate of the IXth World Festival of Youth and Students in 1971 . In the same year the band was cast with Sofia Rotaru in the movie called " Chervona Ruta " and in 1975 - in Pesnya vsegda s nami . The band has wide fan communities both in the former USSR and abroad internationally . Successful tours took place with participation of Sofia Rotaru in Bulgaria , Czechoslovakia , Hungary , Poland , GDR , Finland , West Berlin . Polish theatre critic observer Andrzej Wołczkowski wrote :

The Bay of Gibraltar ( also known as Gibraltar Bay or Bay of Algeciras ) is a bay at the southern end of the Iberian Peninsula . It is around long by wide , covering an area of some , with a depth of up to in the centre of the bay . It opens to the south into the Strait of Gibraltar and the Mediterranean Sea . The shoreline is densely settled . From west to east , the shore is divided between the Spanish municipalities of Algeciras , Los Barrios , San Roque , La Línea de la Concepción and the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar . The larger part of the shoreline is Spanish territory , with part of the eastern half of the bay belonging to Gibraltar . The east and west entrances to the bay are marked respectively by the Europa Point Lighthouse at Europa Point , Gibraltar and the Punta Carnero lighthouse to the west of Algeciras .

Pinkerton Academy is a secondary school in Derry , New Hampshire , United States . It serves roughly 3,100 students , making it by far the largest high school in New Hampshire , more than 800 students greater than the next largest high school . Pinkerton 's situation is unusual , as it is a private school which also serves as the " public " high school ( grades 9–12 ) for the communities of Derry , Hampstead , Chester , Auburn , Candia , and Hooksett . Through arrangements with the towns , each town pays the tuition for their students to attend Pinkerton . Pinkerton Academy is a private , non - profit corporation administered by a headmaster , who in turn acts under the direction of a self - perpetuating board of trustees . The academy is set on a New England campus . Since the original four - room Old Academy Building opened in 1815 , over one dozen major buildings have been constructed , for academics and administration .

The John Coleman House , also known as Grassdale , is a historic plantation house in Eutaw , Alabama , United States . The two - story wood - frame I - house was built by John Coleman from Edgefield , South Carolina , on property that he settled in 1819 . Coleman held 75 slaves during the 1840 United States Census of Greene County . The house was placed on the National Register of Historic Places as part of the Antebellum Homes in Eutaw Thematic Resource on December 6 , 1982 , due to its architectural significance . Coleman family members , as well as many slaves , are buried in a cemetery close to the house . The house is currently used as a hunting lodge .

" The Harvest Of Love " is a short comedy song , co - written and originally performed by Benny Hill , released on Pye Records ( 7N.15520 ) . The other writer was shown as " M. Anthony " , a pseudonym for the producer , Tony Hatch . The song was a # 20 hit in the UK Singles Chart in 1963 , and has appeared on several compilation albums as well as being covered by the Wurzels . The Benny Hill version was flipped with another Hill composition , " BAMba 3688 " . The record also saw a U.S. release on Rust ( 5079 ) . The song is sung from the point of view of a farmhand who has fallen in love ( or at least , lust ) with a young lady . Hill 's vocals were accompanied by the Kestrels , who instead of singing , provided a vocal back - up of farmyard impressions . The accompaniment was directed by Hatch . The Kestrels at that time were Roger Greenaway , Tony Burrows , Jeff Williams , and Roger Gullane . The lyrics included such lines as : " And as the horse and I plough the field nearby , Your memory I ca n't erase , For while I walk at the rear of the horse , my dear , I seem to see your face . " At the end of the song it turns out that the narrator is already married . In September 2013 , the original pressing of the single was found in private storage and sold for £ 10 at auction on the ITV daytime series Storage Hoarders .

Straits Quay is a shopping mall - cum - marina in George Town , Penang , Malaysia . It is located at Seri Tanjung Pinang , a newly developed township that sits on reclaimed land within the George Town suburb of Tanjung Tokong . Opened in 2010 , the seaside mall also consists of a marina designed for small recreational vessels , as well as a convention centre . Royal Selangor , a Malaysian pewter manufacturer , maintains an outlet within the mall . There is also a Performing Arts Centre within the mall . In addition , Straits Quay includes luxurious serviced apartments called The Suites @ Straits Quay , which are managed by the Eastern & Oriental Hotel , a colonial seaside hotel located within the heart of George Town .

The Cuban Liberty and Democratic Solidarity ( Libertad ) Act of 1996 ( Helms – Burton Act , , , ) is a United States federal law which strengthens and continues the United States embargo against Cuba . The act extended the territorial application of the initial embargo to apply to foreign companies trading with Cuba , and penalized foreign companies allegedly " trafficking " in property formerly owned by U.S. citizens but confiscated by Cuba after the Cuban revolution . The act also covers property formerly owned by Cubans who have since become U.S. citizens . The Act is named for its original sponsors , Senator Jesse Helms , Republican of North Carolina , and Representative Dan Burton , Republican of Indiana . The law was passed by the 104th United States Congress on March 6 , 1996 and enacted into law by the 42nd President of the United States Bill Clinton on March 12 , 1996 . The bill , which had been tabled in late 1995 after Senator Helms was unable to overcome several Democratic filibusters , was reintroduced prompted by an episode that happened a month earlier . On February 24 , 1996 , Cuban fighter jets shot down two private planes operated by a Miami - based humanitarian international Search and Rescue support group called Brothers to the Rescue ( ) , which had been on a search and locate mission over international waters . Whether they were shot down over Cuban territory or international airspace is a matter of debate .

Fort San Miguel , or Yuquot , or Friendly Cove , is a small settlement of around six people - The Williams family of the Mowachaht band , plus two full - time lighthouse keepers , located on Nootka Island in Nootka Sound , just west of Vancouver Island , British Columbia , Canada . It was the summer home of Chief Maquinna and the Mowachaht / Muchalaht ( Nuu - chah - nulth ) people for generations , housing approximately 1,500 natives in 20 traditional wooden longhouses . The name means " Wind comes from all directions " in Nuu - chah - nulth . The community is located within the Strathcona Regional District but like all Indian Reserve communities is not governed by nor represented in the regional district . The Mowchaht / Muchalaht First Nations are rather part of the Nuu - chah - nulth Tribal Council , which unites the governments of the indigenous communities of the Island 's West Coast . The Canadian government declared Friendly Cove a National Historic Site in 1923 , with recognition of the significance of the Spanish colonial settlement that was once there and First Nations history following in 1997 .

The Peter Guice Memorial Bridge consists of dual two - lane automobile bridges carrying I-26/US   74 across the Green River , located between East Flat Rock and Saluda , in Henderson County , North Carolina . Surpassed only by the Phil G. McDonald Bridge in West Virginia and the Emlenton Bridge in Pennsylvania , it is the third - highest bridge carrying an Interstate Highway in the eastern United States at tall . Each bridge is long and wide , with two travel lanes and shoulders . In 1993 , both bridges were rehabilitated after missing welds and poor welds were found in the structures . As of July 2018 , both bridges are rated structurally deficient and functionally obsolete in the National Bridge Inventory . A major rehabilitation project for the bridges is scheduled to begin in 2019 . The bridge is dedicated to the memory of Peter Guice , who built the first toll bridge over the Green River in 1820 ; it replaced a hazardous ford along Howard Gap Road . An unrecorded flood washed out the toll bridge , but was replaced by his son ; the second toll bridge was destroyed by flood in 1916 . The current bridge is located high above where the former bridges once stood .

Pavel Kuka ( born 19 July 1968 ) is a Czech former football forward . Born in Prague , Kuka started and finished his career at Slavia Praha , playing with the club from 1989 – 93 and then from 2000 – 05 . He has also played for 1 . FC Kaiserslautern ( 1994 – 98 ) , 1 . FC Nürnberg ( 1998 – 99 ) , and VfB Stuttgart ( 1999 – 2000 ) . For the Czech national team , Kuka played 63 times , scoring 22 goals and was part of the runner - up squad at Euro 96 and also took part at Euro 2000 . Kuka also played 24 times , scoring seven goals , for Czechoslovakia . Retired in May 2005 , he has shortly worked as a manager in FK Marila Příbram ( another Gambrinus league team ) and then became football agent . In 2008 , he was a sports executive at FK Viktoria Žižkov .

" Sober " is a song performed by Swedish pop singer and music producer Loreen . It was released as a digital download on 12 September 2011 in Sweden . The song has peaked to number 26 on the Swedish Singles Chart six months later due to her victory at Melodifestivalen 2012 with Euphoria . A remixed version of the song was included on Loreen 's debut album Heal ( 2012 ) . Album remix version received favorable reviews . Scandipop.co.uk claimed that the singles ( including this song ) do n’t ever " dip below being a 9.5 out of 10 moment . " Higher Plain Music wrote positively claiming that it " returns to the catchy low - key whispery verse / vocal display chorus over earlier tracks " but that is more stop / start to make big distinctions " comparing to other songs in album . EscXtra praised the production : " this mix has given added strength to this track ( ... ) so it would fit with the whole album . " However the same critic criticized the vocal editing : " the effect of her voice delivering the lyrics is a little compromised compared to how it used to sound . I would have liked to have had the original cut of “ Sober ” as a bonus track at the end . "

The Battle of the Teutoburg Forest ( , Hermannsschlacht , or Varusschlacht , ) , described as the Varian Disaster ( Clades Variana ) by Roman historians , took place in the Teutoburg Forest in 9 CE , when an alliance of Germanic tribes ambushed and decisively destroyed three Roman legions and their auxiliaries , led by Publius Quinctilius Varus . The alliance was led by Arminius , a Germanic officer of Varus ' auxilia . Arminius had acquired Roman citizenship and had received a Roman military education , which enabled him to deceive the Roman commander methodically and anticipate the Roman army 's tactical responses . Despite several successful campaigns and raids by the Romans in the years after the battle , they never again attempted to conquer the Germanic territories east of the Rhine river . The victory of the Germanic tribes against Rome 's legions in the Teutoburg Forest would have far - reaching effects on the subsequent history of both the ancient Germanic peoples and the Roman Empire . Contemporary and modern historians have generally regarded Arminius ' victory over Varus as " Rome 's greatest defeat " , one of the most decisive battles recorded in military history , and as " a turning - point in world history " .

Christoph Meinel ( Univ .- Prof . , Dr. sc . nat . , Dr. rer . nat . , born 14 April 1954 , Meißen , Germany ) is a German scientist and university professor of computer sciences . He is president and CEO of the Hasso Plattner Institute ( HPI ) for Digital Engineering , dean of the Digital Engineering Faculty of the University of Potsdam ( Germany ) , and professor for Internet Technologies and Systems . He is a member of acatech , the national German academy of science and engineering . Christoph Meinel is chairman of the German IPv6 council , and program director of the HPI - Stanford Design Thinking Research Program . He is the head of the steering committee of the HPI Future SOC Lab , and member of various advisory boards like the security advisory board of SAP . In 2006 , he and Hasso Plattner hosted the first German “ National IT - Summit ” of the German Federal Chancellor Dr. Angela Merkel . His actual research interests and activities are concentrated on Internet Technology and Systems and on innovation research . He is particularly focused on : Security engineering ( Internet security , real time attack recognition , cloud security , ID management , and security awareness ) , Knowledge engineering and teaching tex ( MOOCs and openHPI , e - learning and tele - TASK , Web3.0 , Secure digital health ) , and Innovation research in the field of Design Thinking .

The Nordfriedhof ( " Northern Cemetery " ) , with 34,000 burial plots , is one of the largest cemeteries in Munich , Bavaria , Germany . It is situated in the suburb of Schwabing - Freimann . It was established by the former community of Schwabing in 1884 . It is not to be confused with the Alter Nordfriedhof in Munich , which was set up only a short time previously within the then territory of the city of Munich . A station on the Munich U - Bahn is also called Nordfriedhof after the cemetery , and the surrounding area is also known locally as " Nordfriedhof " from the station . The imposing cemetery buildings include a chapel , a mortuary and a burial wall , which was designed between 1896 and 1899 by the municipal architect Hans Grässel . In 1962 a columbarium was added to the north by the architect Eugen Jacoby . The chapel is described , slightly altered , in Thomas Mann 's novella Death in Venice , when the sight of it precipitates a foreboding of death in the protagonist .

, sometimes mistakenly referred to as Yōko Nagata , was a Japanese leftist revolutionary and terrorist who was convicted of murder and sentenced to death in Japan . Nagata was convicted of murdering , or participating in the murder of , fellow members of the United Red Army ( URA ) during a group purge in Gunma prefecture , Japan in February 1972 . During the purge , Nagata , acting as vice - chairman of the URA , directed the killing of 12 members of the group by beatings or by forced exposure to frigid winter air temperatures . A URA non - member who was present during the purge was also killed . Arrested on February 16 , 1972 , Nagata was tried and convicted for her participation in the killings , and was sentenced to death . While awaiting execution , Nagata died from brain cancer on 5 February 2011 at the Tokyo Detention House .

Thurrock Independents is a group of British politicians in Thurrock , Essex that was formed after its members broke away from the UK Independence Party ( UKIP ) in January 2018 . The group has seventeen members , including former UKIP MEP Tim Aker , and forms the opposition group on Thurrock Council . The group was created after all seventeen members of the council 's UKIP group left the party , saying they had " had enough of the aggressive and bitter reality of party politics " . Although Tim Aker joined his council colleagues in the new group , he subsequently stated that he would continue to represent UKIP in the European Parliament for the purposes of Brexit : " UKIP has a job to do in the European Parliament in seeing we get the Brexit we voted for . I will stay as a UKIP MEP . But to better represent my constituents in Aveley , I had no choice but to follow my colleagues and represent the Thurrock Independents . " This situation led to some uncertainty about the status of some of the group 's members as a number of them work for Aker .

Nepal Television ( ) is the oldest and most watched television channel in Nepal . This was for many years the only television channel native to Nepal , but several others have recently begun operation . The News ( broadcast at 8:00   p.m. ) is the channel 's most popular show , followed by comedy program Bhadragol , Meri Bassai and Jire Khursani . Other important TV channels in Nepal are NTV PLUS , NTV News which is owned by the Nepalese government . Private channels include AP1 TV , Kantipur Television , Image Channel , Channel Nepal , Avenues TV , Nepal 1 Television and Sagarmatha Television . Nepal 1 Television is broadcast from India . All except Nepal Television , Kantipur Television , Image Channel and NTV PLUS are satellite channels in Kathmandu valley . Several attempts are being made by media stakeholders to convert and transform NTV into a truly Public Service Broadcasting ( PSB ) entity . NTV , being currently owned by the government , has lost its editorial independence and is blamed for continuously being a government mouthpiece . As the country 's only largest and oldest television channel , a need for transforming its operation into the hands of the public is realized by media experts in Nepal .

The history of the Jews in Argentina goes back to the early sixteenth centuries , following the Jewish expulsion from Spain . Sephardi Jews fleeing persecution immigrated with explorers and colonists to settle in what is now Argentina . In addition , many of the Portuguese traders in the Viceroyalty of the Río de la Plata were Jewish . An organized Jewish community , however , did not develop until after Argentina gained independence from Spain in 1816 . By mid - century , Jews from France and other parts of Western Europe , fleeing the social and economic disruptions of revolutions , began to settle in Argentina . Reflecting the composition of the later immigration waves , the current Jewish population is 80 % Ashkenazi ; while Sephardic and Mizrahi are a minority . Argentina has the largest Jewish population of any country in Latin America , although numerous Jews left during the 1970s and 1980s to escape the repression of the military junta , emigrating to Israel , West Europe ( especially Spain ) , and North America . The Jewish population in Argentina is the largest in Latin America , the third largest in the Americas , and the world 's seventh largest outside Israel . During a major emigration wave in the 2000s , more than 10,000 Argentine Jews settled in Israel .

Culrav is a cultural festival of Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology , Allahabad . Culrav gives a platform to the students of MNNIT and those all over India to participate in events which are diverse and exciting . It is one of the biggest inter college cultural festival of North India . The festival draws students from most of the reputed colleges of India like IIT Kanpur , IIT Roorkee , IIT - BHU , NIT Bhopal , Allahabad University , BHU , IIIT - A , HBTI , IET Lucknow and many others colleges . Previous performers in Culrav include Farhan Akhtar , Suraj Jagan , Shruti Pathak , Bandish band , Euphoria The local train AND DJ MARNIK . For student talks session , Culrav has been known to have invited eminent guests like Munawwar Rana , Ashok Chakradhar , Ronnie Screwvala and Piyush Mishra .

Sweet and Lowdown is a 1999 American comedy - drama film written and directed by Woody Allen . Loosely based on Federico Fellini 's film La Strada , the film tells the fictional story , set in the 1930s , of a self - confident jazz guitarist Emmet Ray ( played by Sean Penn ) who falls in love with a mute woman ( Samantha Morton ) . The film also stars Uma Thurman and Anthony LaPaglia . Like several of Allen 's other films ( e.g. , Zelig ) , the film is occasionally interrupted by interviews with critics and biographers like Allen , Nat Hentoff , and Douglas McGrath , who comment on the film 's plot as if the characters were real - life people . The film is one of the better - received later works by Allen . Penn and Morton both received Oscar nominations , for Best Actor and Best Supporting Actress , respectively .

St. George 's Austrian High School ( Turkish : Sankt Georg Avusturya Lisesi , German : Österreichisches Sankt Georgs - Kolleg ) is a private Austrian - Turkish high school located in Istanbul , Turkey . It is one of several secondary schools that were founded by European or American missions in Turkey during the 19th century , but were then secularized after the founding of the modern Turkish Republic in 1923 . Today , the school is subject to regulation by the Turkish Ministry of National Education , and almost its entire student body is Turkish , but a large part of its administrative and teaching staff remains Austrian ( appointed by the Austrian Ministry of Education , Arts and Culture ) , and it offers a mixture of Turkish and Austrian curricula in a bilingual environment .

Hermann Finck ( 21 March 1527 – 28 December 1558 ) was a German composer . The great - nephew of composer Heinrich Finck , Hermann was born in Pirna , and died at Wittenberg . After 1553 he lived at Wittenberg , where he was organist , and there , in 1555 , was published his collection of wedding songs . Few details of his life have been preserved . His theoretical writing was good , particularly his observations on the art of singing and of making ornamentations in song . His most celebrated work is entitled Practica musica , exempla variorum signorum , proportionum , et canonum , judicium de tonis ac quaedam de arte suaviter et artificiose cantandi continens ( Wittenberg , 1556 ) . It is of great historic value , but very rare .

The Rhodes blood libel was an 1840 event of blood libel against Jews , in which the Greek Orthodox community accused Jews on the island of Rhodes ( then part of the Ottoman Empire ) of the ritual murder of a Christian boy who disappeared in February of that year . Initially the libel garnered support from the consuls of several European countries , including the United Kingdom , France , the Austrian Empire , Sweden , and Greece , although later several supported the Jewish community . The Ottoman governor of Rhodes broke with the long tradition of the Ottoman governments ( which had previously denied the factual basis of the blood libel accusations ) and supported the ritual murder charge . The government arrested several Jewish subjects , some of whom were tortured and confessed . It blockaded the entire Jewish quarter for twelve days . The Jewish community of Rhodes appealed for help from the Jewish community in Constantinople , who forwarded the appeal to European governments . In the United Kingdom and Austria , Jewish communities gained support from their governments . They sent official dispatches to the ambassadors in Constantinople unequivocally condemning the blood libel . A consensus developed that the charge was false . The governor of Rhodes sent the case to the central government , which initiated a formal inquiry into the affair . In July 1840 , that investigation established the innocence of the Jewish community . Finally , in November of the same year , the Ottoman sultan issued a decree ( firman ) denouncing the blood libel as false .

Kumar Sekhar Kammula ( ) is an Indian film director , screenwriter and producer , known for his works exclusively in Telugu cinema . A Master of Fine Arts Holder from Howard University , he made his directorial debut with the independent film Dollar Dreams ( 2000 ) , which was a critical success , and won him the National Film Award for Best First film of a director . The film was screened at the International Film Festival of India . Sekhar has garnered two filmfare Awards South , and six state Nandi Awards for his works . Sekhar was among the director 's delegation to represent Indian Cinema at the 2011 Cannes Film Festival . His second film , Anand , was a blockbuster in 2004 . His next film , Godavari , was praised by critics and was a hit . Happy Days , which was released on 28 September 2007 , was declared a smash hit . It was remade in Tamil and Kannada . He was a writer for Tamil version which was released in 2010 . He then directed Leader released on 19 February 2010 to positive reviews . In 2016 , Sekhar Kammula announced his Bollywood debut with a film starring Salman Khan .

Lucius Vorenus is a semi - fictional character in the British - Italian - American historical drama television series Rome , a show about the fall of the Roman Republic and the rise of the Roman Empire . Played by Scottish - American actor Kevin McKidd in the series , Lucius Vorenus is introduced as a main character in the pilot episode , " The Stolen Eagle " . He is depicted as a staunch , traditional , Roman soldier , who struggles to balance his personal beliefs , his duty to his superiors , and the needs of his family and friends . The basis for this character is the historical Roman soldier of the same name , who is briefly mentioned in Julius Caesar 's Commentarii de Bello Gallico . The two fictionalised characters Lucius Vorenus and Titus Pullo manage to witness and often influence many of the historical events presented in the series .

The Naranjas de Villa Clara ( Villa Clara Oranges ) is a baseball club that plays in the Cuban National Series . Based in Santa Clara , the Naranjas have been one of the league 's most successful Cuban squads over the last 30 years ; winning championships in 1983 , as well as three - year run from 1993 to 1995 . They also lost the 1996 , 2003 , 2004 and 2010 finals to the Industriales . Orange , white and black are their colors ; although they have three different colors , the orange is what represents them , even though teams like Sancti Spíritus Gallos also wore orange uniforms . Eight Villa Clara 's players have been members of the Cuba national baseball team in the World Baseball Classic . Ariel Borrero , Luis Borroto , Eduardo Paret and Ariel Pestano were on the roster in the 2006 tournament , while Leonys Martín , Eduardo Paret , Yolexis Ulacia and Pestano were in 2009 .

The Union Bank of Hong Kong ( Former stock code : ) ( Traditional Chinese : 香港友聯銀行 ) was a bank in Hong Kong . It became the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China ( Asia ) ( Traditional Chinese : 中國工商銀行 ( 亞洲 ) ) . The bank was established in Hong Kong in 1964 and was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 1973 . In 1984 , due to negative rumours , there was a bank run causing a great drop in cash flow from HK$2.1 billion to HK$710 million . This resulted in the resignation of the bank 's board of directors . In 1986 , the British Hong Kong Government decided to " administratively " take over the bank . Chinese state - owned China Merchants Group acquired the bank in the same year . In 2000 , the bank was sold to the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China , the largest bank in China , and it was renamed to Industrial and Commercial Bank of China ( Asia ) .

A business executive who symbolized " big business " in Japan as president of Dai Nippon Sugar Manufacturing Co. and executive officer of Nitto Chemical Industry Co. , he used his influence to bring about the fall of Prime Minister Hideki Tōjō in 1944 . After Japan 's World War II surrender , Fujiyama was imprisoned without a trial for three years as a suspected war criminal . After his release he represented Japan at the 1951 UNESCO meeting in Paris . Fujiyama was elected to Parliament in 1957 and was reelected five times . As Japan 's foreign minister ( 1957 – 60 ) he headed Japan 's first delegation to the United Nations ( 1957 ) , helped revise the U.S .– Japan Security Treaty ( 1960 ) , and promoted the restoration of diplomatic relations between Japan and China . He also served as director of Japan 's Economic Planning Agency .

J. Barry Stout ( November 7 , 1936 – October 29 , 2016 ) was a Democratic politician and former member of the Pennsylvania State Senate who represented the 46th District from June 7 , 1977—after winning a special election in May , 1977—through 2010 . Previously he was a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from 1970 through 1976 . On October 22 , 2004 PennDOT dedicated the " J. Barry Stout Park and Ride " off the " Beau Street " exit of I-70 in South Strabane Township . Constructed by Greensburg - based Donegal Construction at a cost of $ 1.2 million , the lighted park and ride lot has 211 spaces and 7 handicapped - accessible spaces . Stout initially suggested the location of the park and ride lot after learning that PennDOT owned the land , which is ideally situated near I-70 , I-79 , and Route 19 . Stout has credited former Lieutenant Governor of Pennsylvania Ernie Kline with facilitating his election to the Pennsylvania State Senate in 1977 . He died at the age of 79 on October 29 , 2016 .

Brian McGuinness ( born Bernard Francis McGuinness , 22 October 1927 , in Wrexham , United Kingdom ) is a British philosopher . Formerly a pupil of RM Hare , McGuinness has become a noted expert in the works of Ludwig Wittgenstein . McGuinness was a Fellow and Tutor at Queen 's College in Oxford University from 1953 to 1988 , and took a post at the Netherlands Institute for Advanced Study . Since 1990 , he is a professor at the University of Siena , Italy . From 1990 to 1993 , he was director of the faculty of philosophy and social sciences of this university . During his time at Queen 's , he was an invited speaker at the Oxford Socratic Club , speaking with J. D. Mabbott on " The Problem of Free Will " on Nov. 14 , 1955 .

The Taedong River ( Chosŏn'gŭl : ) is a large river in the North Korea . It rises in the Rangrim Mountains of the country 's north . It then flows southwest into Korea Bay at Namp'o . In between , it runs through the country 's capital , Pyongyang . Along the river are landmarks such as the Juche Tower and Kim Il - sung Square . The river is 439 km in length , and generally is deep . It is the fifth longest river on the Korean peninsula and the second longest in North Korea . Pyongyang is approximately 110   km upstream from the mouth , Sunchon 192   km upstream , and Taehŭng 414   km upstream . Because of its depth , it is widely used for river transport ; it is navigable by large ships up to 65   km inland , although most commercial traffic stops at Songrim .

Brome - Missisquoi is a provincial electoral district in the Montérégie region of Quebec , Canada that elects members to the National Assembly of Quebec . It includes the municipalities of Bromont , Cowansville , Frelighsburg , Sutton , Saint - Armand and Farnham . It was created for the 1973 election from Brome and parts of Missisquoi and Shefford . In the change from the 2001 to the 2011 electoral map , it lost Austin , Bolton - Est , Bonsecours , Eastman , Lawrenceville , Potton , Sainte - Anne - de - la - Rochelle , Saint - Benoît - du - Lac , Saint - Étienne - de - Bolton , Stukely - Sud to Orford electoral district , but gained Shefford , Warden , Waterloo from Shefford electoral district .

Mompox or Mompós , officially Santa Cruz de Mompox , is a town and municipality in northern Colombia , in the Bolívar Department , which has preserved its colonial character . Mompox depends upon tourism , fishing and some commerce generated by the local cattle raising . It has about 30,000 inhabitants , and is adjacent to the municipalities of Pinillos and San Fernando . Simón Bolívar , liberator of much of Spanish South America , said " If to Caracas I owe my life , then to Mompox I owe my glory . " Simón Bolívar arrived in Mompox in 1812 and recruited nearly all of the able bodied men , some four hundred , who formed the basis of the army for his victory in Caracas .

Alfredo Toro Hardy ( born in Caracas on May 22 , 1950 ) is a Venezuelan retired career diplomat , scholar and public intellectual . During his diplomatic career he occupied some of Venezuela 's top ambassadorial posts , including Washington , London , Madrid and Brasilia . As an academic , he has taught at several universities both in Venezuela and abroad , directed institutions in the field of foreign policy and written extensively on international affairs . According to international relations best selling author Parag Khanna : " Alfredo Toro Hardy is the quintessential scholar - diplomat " . Renowned author and scholar Kishore Mahbubani wrote : " About 12 % of the world 's population lives in the West and 88 % live outside . Yet , the strong , diverse voices of the 88 % are rarely heard . Alfredo Toro Hardy provides one such voice that needs to be heard " . British historian and author Robert Harvey stated : " One does not have to coincide with all of Toro Hardy 's views in order to recognize that he is one of the most articulated and experienced voices not only from Latin America but from the developing world " . Cambridge University scholar Geoffrey Hawthorn wrote : " Alfredo Toro Hardy has a rare and distinctive voice . No - one can come away from his essays without seeing the world in new ways "

Mabel Gardiner Hubbard ( November 25 , 1857 – January 3 , 1923 ) , was the daughter of Boston lawyer Gardiner Greene Hubbard , who was the first president of the Bell Telephone Company . As the wife of Alexander Graham Bell , an eminent scientist and the inventor of the first practical telephone , she took the married name Mabel Bell . From the time of Mabel 's courtship with Graham Bell in 1873 , until his death in 1922 , Mabel became and remained the most significant influence in his life . Folklore held that Bell undertook telecommunication experiments in an attempt to restore her hearing which had been destroyed by disease close to her fifth birthday , leaving her completely deaf for the remainder of her life .

The Ox - Bow Incident is a 1943 American western film directed by William A. Wellman , starring Henry Fonda , Dana Andrews and Mary Beth Hughes , with Anthony Quinn , William Eythe , Harry Morgan and Jane Darwell . Two drifters are passing through a Western town , when news arrives that a local rancher has been murdered and his cattle stolen . The townspeople , joined by the drifters , form a posse to catch the perpetrators . They find three men in possession of the cattle , and are determined to see justice done on the spot . The film premiered in May 1943 to positive reviews from critics . It was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture at the 16th Academy Awards , losing to Casablanca . In 1998 , the film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being " culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant " . The film was adapted from the 1940 novel of the same name , written by Nevadan Walter Van Tilburg Clark .

Remi Lake ( ) is a lake in both the municipality of Moonbeam and geographic Gurney Township in Unorganized North Cochrane District , Cochrane District , in Northeastern Ontario , Canada . It is in the James Bay drainage basin . The primary inflow is the Kitigan River at Kitigan Bay at the west . Secondary inflows are Beaver Creek at the south , and Spruce Creek at Round Bay at the northeast . The primary outflow is the Remi River from Outlet Bay at the northwest . The Remi River flows via the Kapuskasing River , the Mattagami River and the Moose River to James Bay . René Brunelle Provincial Park is along the north and east shores of the lake ; the park can be accessed by Ontario Highway 581 which connects to Ontario Highway 11 . Other local roads provide access to the southern shores of the lake .

Oleksiy Oleksandrovych Mykhaylychenko (; born March 30 , 1963 ) , is a Ukrainian football coach and former professional football player . He is the Distinguished Master of Sports of USSR and the Distinguished Coach of Ukraine . During his playing days he was a versatile midfielder known for his stamina and passing capability . Also noted for his technique , Mykhaylychenko usually played as central attacking midfielder . Mykhailychenko currently holds an administrative position in his home club , Dynamo Kyiv , as director of sport . His name is commonly romanised as Alexei Mikhailichenko from the Russian spelling of his name ( Алексей Александрович Михайличенко ) . Mikhailichenko played for Dynamo Kyiv , Sampdoria and Rangers . He then became a coach , starting with assistant coach to Dynamo Kyiv 's legendary Valeriy Lobanovsky . Following the death of Lobanovsky , Mykhailychenko replaced him as head coach . In 2004 , he took charge of the Ukraine 's national under-21 team . He was head coach of the Ukraine national football team senior side for two years after that .

OnForce Solar is an American company that sells and installs solar energy packages for commercial and residential customers . It was founded in 2007 . OnForce Solar is the largest New York based turnkey solar provider that owns and installs solar photovoltaic systems for residential , commercial , and utility scale projects . According to Crain 's it had revenue of $ 18.2 million and a three - year growth rate of 811 % in 2012 . According to the New York Daily News , " OnForce Solar has received $ 6 million , the highest allotment possible . Only two other solar companies in the country have received equal subsidies from NYSERDA to operate locally , " which , said the News , places " OnForce Solar in strong position to lead solar consumers into the next era of energy consumption ... " In 2012 OnForce Solar completed what was then the second - largest installation of a solar energy system in New York city . In January 2013 OnForce purchased an interest in Lita Brothers General Construction of Bergenfield , NJ , a company that constructs roofing for commercial and residential targets . The company announced plans to combine its solar installations with roofing work by Lita Brothers . The company has been offering lease deals with limited down payments by exploiting governmental incentives . However , news reports state that these packages are not good deals for all situations . The company is headquartered in the Bronx , New York and has regional offices in Framingham , MA , Fort Lee , NJ , and Stamford , CT .

Football is the most popular sport in Iceland . Iceland hosted the U-18 European Championship in 1997 , but an Icelandic national team has qualified for the final competition of a major tournament only four times — twice by the women 's national team at UEFA Women 's Euro in 2009 and 2013 , and twice by the men 's team at UEFA Euro 2016 and the 2018 FIFA World Cup . The only Iceland teams to advance past the group stage at a major tournament are the women in 2013 and the men in 2016 . Iceland 's most famous footballer is Eiður Guðjohnsen . He has won two Premier League titles for Chelsea F.C. as well as the La Liga , Copa del rey and the Champions League title for FC Barcelona . There are 20,000 players ( men and women ) registered at clubs .

Minna Lachs ( born as Minna Schiffmann ; 1907 – 1993 ) was an Austrian educator and memoirist . She was born in Terebovlia , then Trembowla in what was then referred to as the Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria . The events of World War I led them to leave for Vienna . Her father wished to distance himself from his Orthodox Judaism upbringing , but she initially felt a need to more strongly assert a Jewish identity . As part of that she joined a Zionist youth organization which ultimately led to an interest in Socialism and to meeting her husband . She went on to graduate from the University of Vienna with a thesis on Karl Emil Franzos . She fled Austria for Switzerland due to the Anschluss . Her memoir concerning the period was titled Warum schaust du zurueck . She returned to Vienna after the war . A park in Vienna is named for her .

Elijah Hise ( 4 July 1802 – 8 May 1867 ) was a United States diplomat and U.S. Representative from the of Kentucky . Hise was born 4 July 1802 in Allegheny County , Pennsylvania before moving with his parents , Frederick and Nancy ( Eckstein ) Hise , to Russellville , Kentucky when young . He completed preparatory studies and then attended Transylvania University , Lexington , Kentucky . He studied law and was admitted to the bar and commenced practice . Hise was a member of the Kentucky House of Representatives in 1829 . He was an unsuccessful Democratic candidate for Lieutenant Governor in 1836 . He served as the Chargé d'Affaires to Guatemala , January 31 , 1849 – June 23 , 1849 . In addition , he was the chief justice of the Court of Appeals of Kentucky . Hise was elected as a Democrat to the Thirty - ninth Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Henry Grider , and he was reelected to the Fortieth Congress . In all he served from December 3 , 1866 , until his death 8 May 1867 in Russellville , Kentucky . He was buried in Maple Grove Cemetery . The town of Hiseville , Kentucky was named in honor of the congressman .

Multnomah Falls is a waterfall located in the Columbia River Gorge , east of Troutdale , between Corbett and Dodson , Oregon , United States . The waterfall is accessible from the Historic Columbia River Highway and Interstate 84 . Spanning two tiers on basalt cliffs , it is the tallest waterfall in the state of Oregon at in height . The land surrounding the falls was developed by Simon Benson in the early - twentieth century , with a pathway , viewing bridge , and adjacent lodge being constructed in 1925 . The Multnomah Falls Lodge and the surrounding footpaths at the falls were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 . Contemporarily , the state of Oregon maintains a switchback trail that ascends to a talus slope above the falls , and descends to an observation deck that overlooks the falls ' edge . The falls attract over two million visitors each year , making it the most - visited natural recreation site in the U.S. Pacific Northwest .

Café Guerbois , on Avenue de Clichy in Paris , was the site of late 19th - century discussions and planning amongst artists , writers and art lovers   – the bohèmes ( bohemians ) , in contrast to the bourgeois . Centered on Édouard Manet , the group gathered at the café usually on Sundays and Thursdays . Émile Zola , Frédéric Bazille , Louis Edmond Duranty , Henri Fantin - Latour , Edgar Degas , Claude Monet , Pierre - Auguste Renoir and Alfred Sisley regularly joined in the discussions . Sometimes Paul Cézanne and Camille Pissarro also joined them . The group is sometimes called The Batignolles Group , and many of the members are associated with Impressionism . Conversations there were often heated . On one evening in February 1870 , things became so heated that Manet , insulted by a review that Duranty wrote , wounded Duranty in a duel . The injury was not fatal , and the two remained friends .

David Eaton ( born July 2 , 1949 , Cleveland , Ohio ) is an American composer and conductor who has been the music director of the New York City Symphony since 1985 . He has also been an active composer and arranger , with 67 original compositions and over 800 arrangements and original songs to his credit . He has appeared as a guest conductor with orchestras in Asia , Canada , Israel , Europe , Central and South America , Russia , Ukraine and the United States . His compositions and arrangements have been performed at Carnegie Hall , Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts , the United Nations and by orchestras in the United States , Asia , Israel , South America and Europe . He also served at the conductor of the historic Goldman Band from 1998 to 2000 conducting the ensemble in concerts throughout the New York metropolitan area including performances at Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts . He appeared as a conductor in the Soprano 's World Concert for World Peace , Paraguay 2007 in Asunción , Paraguay .

The National Film Award for Best Choreography is one of the National Film Awards presented annually by the Directorate of Film Festivals , the organisation set up by Ministry of Information and Broadcasting , India . It is one of several awards presented for feature films and awarded with Rajat Kamal ( Silver Lotus ) . The award was instituted in 1991 at 39th National Film Awards but awarded first time at 40th National Film Awards and then awarded annually for films produced in the year across the country , in all Indian languages . The choreographer who has won most number of Rajat Kamal ( Silver Lotus ) for Best Choreography is Saroj Khan with 3 wins followed by Prabhu Deva and Ganesh Acharya with two wins .

" Mister Music Man " was the first runner up in the Swiss preselection to the Eurovision Song Contest 1992 and when the song " Soleil , soleil " performed by Géraldine Olivier was disqualified " Mister Music Man " was selected to represent Switzerland instead . The song was composed by Gordon Dent and sung by Daisy Auvray in French . On the night of the contest , held in Malmö , Sweden , the song was performed 13th , following Finland 's Pave Maijanen singing " Yamma , yamma " and preceding Luxembourg 's Marion Welter with Kontinent singing " Sou fräi " . At the close of the voting it had received 32 points , placing 15th in a field of 23 . The song was succeeded as Swiss representative at the 1993 contest by Annie Cotton with " Moi , tout simplement " .

Genshin ( 源信 ; 942 – July 6 , 1017 ) , also known as Eshin Sozu , was the most influential of a number of Tendai scholars active during the tenth and eleventh centuries in Japan . He was not a wandering evangelist as Kūya was , but was an elite cleric who espoused a doctrine of devotion to Amida Buddha which taught that because Japan was thought to have entered mappō , the " degenerate age " of the " latter law , " the only hope for salvation lay in the reliance on the power of Amitabha . Other doctrines , he claimed , could not aid an individual because they depended on " self - power " ( jiriki ) , which can not prevail during the chaos of the degenerate age , when the power of another ( tariki ) is necessary . In his approach to rebirth in the Pure Land , Genshin emphasized visual meditation practices , where later Pure Land sects favored verbal recitations such as the nembutsu . Genshin 's doctrine is documented in his magnum opus , the , which in later copies of the text came complete with graphic depictions of the joy of the blessed and the suffering of those doomed to chaos . Genshin 's influence in contemporary Japanese culture today is primarily due to his treatise , Ōjōyōshū , particularly the graphic descriptions of the Buddhist hell realms ( 地獄 jigoku ) , which inspired a genre of horror and morality stories . The 1960 Japanese film Jigoku was influenced by Genshin 's Ōjōyōshū among other works . In Jodo Shinshu Buddhism , he is considered the Sixth Patriarch . Genshin is credited as the founder of the Enshin school of Tendai Buddhism , and for espousing the " original enlightenment " teaching , or hongaku ( 本覚 ) , where one is originally enlightened , but unaware of it . In all , Genshin left more than 30 works which continue to influence Pure Land thought today . The image of Amida Nyorai in the main building of Yasaka - ji Temple in Shikoku is said to have been made by Genshin in the Heian Period .

The Combat Box was a tactical formation used by heavy ( strategic ) bombers of the U.S. Army Air Forces during World War II . The combat box was also referred to as a " staggered formation " . Its defensive purpose was in massing the firepower of the bombers ' guns , while offensively it concentrated the release of bombs on a target . Initially formations were created in keeping with the pre - war Air Corps doctrine that massed bombers could attack and destroy targets in daylight without fighter escort , relying on interlocking fire from their defensive machine guns , almost exclusively the " light barrel " Browning AN / M2 .50-calibre ( 12.7 mm ) gun . However the use of high altitudes by USAAF bombers resulted in factors that demanded a tighter bomb pattern and the combat box continued in use even after the advent of fighter escort — and especially starting in the spring of 1944 over Europe , with USAAF fighters flying far ahead of the combat boxes in air supremacy mode instead against the Luftwaffe 's fighters — largely mitigated the threat of fighter interception . Creation of the concept is credited to Colonel Curtis E. LeMay , commander of the 305th Bombardment Group in England . However the Eighth Air Force had been experimenting with different tactical formations since its first bombing mission on 17 August 1942 , several of which were also known as " boxes . " LeMay 's group did create the " Javelin Down " combat box in December 1942 , and that formation became the basis for the numerous variations of combat boxes that followed . The practice of referring to a concentrated formation as a " box " was the result of diagramming formations in plan , profile and front elevation views , positioning each individual bomber in an invisible boxlike area .

Star Wars : Jedi Knight is a first - person shooter and third - person shooter video game series set in the fictional Star Wars expanded universe . The series focuses primarily on Kyle Katarn , a former Imperial officer who becomes a Jedi and an instructor at the Jedi Academy . The Jedi Knight series began in 1995 with the release of for DOS , Macintosh , and PlayStation . This was followed in 1997 by for Microsoft Windows , in which Katarn learns the ways of a Jedi . In 1998 , was released as an expansion pack for Dark Forces II , this time giving the player control of Mara Jade as well as Katarn . In 2002 , was released . Jedi Outcast was developed by Raven Software and powered by the i d Tech 3 game engine . It was released for Windows , Mac , Xbox and GameCube . followed in 2003 on Windows , Mac and Xbox . It was powered by the same game engine as its predecessor . Jedi Academy was the first game in the series where the player does not control Katarn at any point , although he is featured prominently in the storyline . The games in the Jedi Knight series have received generally favorable reviews . Multiple publications have commented on the quality of the series as a whole . The use of the lightsaber in the series , a prominent gameplay element in all but the first game , has received specific praise for its implementation .

Louis Jani ( born December 6 , 1957 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a judoka from Canada , who represented his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics : 1984 and 1988 . He had unfortunately missed the 1980 Moscow Olympics due to Canada 's boycott . Louis twice won the gold medal at the Pan American Games ( 1979 and 1983 ) in the middleweight division ( – 86   kg ) . Competing as a member of Team Canada for 15 years , Louis went on to become the Technical Director for Judo Canada and eventually the National Coach . As National Coach he led the Canadian team at the 2000 Olympic Summer Games in Sydney , Australia , where Nicolas Gill won a silver medal . Currently Louis Jani lives in Ottawa , Ontario and works as a Manager of Regional Affairs at the Department of Canadian Heritage .

Fatehpur Sikri ( ) is a town in the Agra District of Uttar Pradesh , India . The city itself was founded as the capital of Mughal Empire in 1571 by Emperor Akbar , serving this role from 1571 to 1585 , when Akbar abandoned it due to a campaign in Punjab and was later completely abandoned in 1610 . The name of the city derives from the village called Sikri which occupied the spot before . An Archaeological Survey of India ( ASI ) excavation from 1999 - 2000 indicated that there was a habitation , temples and commercial centres here before Akbar built his capital . It was also a much - loved place of Babur who called it Shukri for its lake of water needed for his armies . He used it for relaxation and also defeated Rana Sanga on its outskirts . The khanqah of Sheikh Salim existed earlier at this place . Akbar 's son Jahangir was born at the village of Sikri in 1569 and that year Akbar began construction of a religious compound to commemorate the Sheikh who had predicted the birth . After Jahangir 's second birthday , he began the construction of a walled city and imperial palace here . The city came to be known as Fatehpur Sikri , the " City of Victory " , after Akbar 's victorious Gujarat campaign in 1573 . After occupying Agra in 1803 , the English established an administrative center here and it remained so until 1850 . In 1815 , the Marquess of Hastings ordered repairment of monuments at Sikri .

" Hide & Seek " is a song by South Korean pop duo Tohoshinki , taken from their seventh Japanese studio album , Tree ( 2014 ) . Serving as Tohoshinki 's 's 40th Japanese single , the song was released as a double A - sided single with " Something " on February 5 , 2014 by Avex Trax . The fourth and final single release for Tree , the single was released in three editions – a CD+DVD version , a CD only version , and a Bigeast Board edition . The song served as the theme song for the Japanese television drama , Team Batista 4 , which premiered on January 7 , 2014 . A restrained rock song with baritone vocal range , the producers of " Hide & Seek " have described the song to be Tohoshinki 's " most intense " song to date . The song was released onto various radio stations across Japan on January 16 , 2014 . " Hide & Seek " reached to number two on the Oricon Singles Chart and the Billboard Japan Hot 100 . Within a week of its release , the single was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of Japan ( RIAJ ) for shipments of over 100,000 .

Upgrade is a 2018 science fiction action body horror film written and directed by Leigh Whannell . It stars Logan Marshall - Green , Betty Gabriel , and Harrison Gilbertson . The film follows a man who is implanted with a chip that allows him to control his body after a mugging leaves him paralyzed . The film was produced by Jason Blum , under his Blumhouse Productions banner . After premiering on 10 March 2018 at South by Southwest , the film was released on 1 June 2018 in the United States by OTL Releasing and Blumhouse Tilt , and on 14 June 2018 in Australia . The film received positive reviews from critics , who called it " one part The Six Million Dollar Man , one part Death Wish revenge fantasy " , and praised the film 's dark humor and action sequences .

" Venus as a Boy " is a song by Icelandic musician Björk . It was released as the second single from her 1993 album Debut . The song was written by Björk and was produced by Nellee Hooper , who produced the majority of her debut album . The single was released in August 1993 , a month after the release of the album . The song was inspired by a boy who saw everything from a " beauty point of view " . " Venus as a Boy " features a musical ensemble made up of Indian instruments like tablas . The song received mixed reviews from critics , who discussed Björk 's musical shift . The song did not chart well in any nation but managed to enter the UK Singles Chart top 30 . The accompanying music video was directed by the British music video director Sophie Muller . The clip shows Björk in a kitchen while she 's cooking some eggs and was inspired by the singer 's favorite book Story of the Eye . Björk performed the song on different TV appearances , including Top of the Pops , and sang it during the course of her Debut Tour . The song was later chosen by fans to be included in her greatest hits album , Greatest Hits and also appeared in her Family Tree Box Set which contained a " greatest hits " disc on which the songs were chosen by Björk . Cover versions of " Venus as a Boy " were done more than 30 times by other artists .

OutQ was a news , talk and entertainment channel on Sirius XM Radio , geared for gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgender audiences . The channel was available to Sirius and XM subscribers in both the United States and Canada . Personalities associated with the channel included Frank DeCaro , Doria Biddle , Larry Flick , Lance Bass , Derek Hartley , and Romaine Patterson . Tim Curran served as the channel 's news director , with Xorje Olivares as the lead anchor . OutQ News changed its schedule on August 4 , 2013 , leaving behind its top - of - the - hour format in favor of a daily news review aired at 6 pm EST . On November 20 , 2006 , station founder and show host John McMullen was relieved of his duties . It had been announced that SiriusXM would be closing down OutQ on February 13 , 2016 .

The Deutsche Verkehrsfliegerschule ( DVS ) , German Air Transport School , was a covert military - training organization operating as a flying school in Germany . It began during the Weimar Republic in Staaken , Berlin in 1925 and its head office was transferred in 1929 to Broitzem airfield near Braunschweig . The DVS was outwardly a flying school for commercial pilots , but in fact became a secret military arm training military aviators for the future Luftwaffe . This training facility grew in importance in the initial stages of Nazi Germany , while camouflaging as a harmless civilian organization ( Tarnorganisation ) , at the time of Germany 's rearmament in violation of the Versailles Treaty . On May 31 , 1945 , after Nazi Germany 's defeat in World War II , the American Military Government issued a special law outlawing the Nazi Party and all of its branches . Known as " Law number five " , this Denazification decree disbanded the Deutsche Verkehrsfliegschule and its facilities were taken over by the occupying forces . Some flying schools in Germany operatie under the same name in different locations in the country . All of them were established after the war .

Jaak Jõerüüt ( born 9 December 1947 in Tallinn ) is an Estonian writer and politician . He was the defense minister of Estonia from November 2004 to 10 October 2005 . Jõerüüt first came to political prominence when he became one of the voters for the Estonian restoration of Independence . He was then appointed to be Minister of Defence in November 2004 in Juhan Parts 's government . When Parts resigned in April 2005 , Jaak Jõerüüt was one of the few ministers retained in Andrus Ansip 's government . In September 2005 , Jõerüüt resigned voluntarily over the so - called " T - Shirt Affair " . ( A T - shirt was produced with a list of the names of several Estonian politicians , including Jõerüüt , who are former members of the communist party ; it was headed " Commies into the Oven ! " At a soccer match , this was worn by several people who were in the employment of his ministry . Jõerüüt was succeeded by Jürgen Ligi . Jõerüüt previously served as Estonia 's ambassador to the United Nations in 2004 . He served as ambassador to Italy and Malta from 1998 through 2002 , and ambassador to Cyprus from 1999 through 2004 . From 1993 to 1997 , Jõerüüt was ambassador to Finland and from 2006 to 2010 to Latvia and now to Sweden from 2011 .

José Biriukov ( born 3 February 1963 ) is a retired Spanish and Soviet professional basketball player . Born in Moscow , with a Russian father and a mother of Basque origin . Began playing basketball for Dynamo Moscow basketball team , before moving to Spain to play for Real Madrid . Played for the Soviet and later Spanish national basketball team . He played 11 seasons in Real Madrid , 22 games in the USSR national team and 57 for the Spanish one . He played as shooting guard and was a good three points shooter , using a particular style of shooting the ball flat to the basket . One of his most famous international games was playing the 1988 McDonald 's Open against Boston Celtics .

Baruch Abuhatzeira (; born 1941 ) , also known as Baba Baruch , is an Israeli Kabbalist rabbi and spiritual adviser who operates in Netivot , a blue - collar town in southern Israel . He is the son of the leading Moroccan Sephardic rabbi Israel Abuhatzeira , also known as the Baba Sali . Baruch was born in Arfoud in the Meknès - Tafilalet of the Maghreb region in eastern Morocco . There , he was educated by his father . During his youth Baruch spent several years in Paris . In the mid-1960s , Baruch emigrated to Israel with his father , and he decided to pursue a political career . He was elected deputy mayor in Ashkelon . Abuhatzeira was later tried and sentenced to five years in prison for corruption and bribery connected to his role as deputy mayor . After obtaining an early release , Abuhatzeira joined Baba Sali , and was with his father during the last three months of the Rabbi 's life .

Petre Otskheli ( ) ( November 25 , 1907 – December 2 , 1937 ) was a Georgian modernist set and costume designer who designed in theatre in Georgia and briefly in Moscow . He was put to death during Joseph Stalin ’s Great Purge at the age of 30 , but his scenographic constructivism has had a lasting influence on the Georgian scenic design . Born in Kutaisi , Otskheli studied at the Kutaisi realschule and the Tbilisi State Academy of Arts in the 1920s . Through most of his career Otskheli had a creative relationship with the director Kote Marjanishvili who invited the young artist to his theatre in Kutaisi in 1928 . Otskheli ’s visual experiments and skillful use of stage for massive designs with a series of subtle elements earned him recognition , but he soon came under pressure from Stalin ’s lieutenant in the Caucasus , Lavrentiy Beria . In 1936 , Otskheli fled Beria ’s persecution to Moscow where he was recruited by his fellow countryman Sergo Amaghlobeli , then the director of Moscow Maly Theatre . In 1937 , both Otskheli and Amaghlobeli were arrested and shot on trumped - up charges of treason .

Jungle Strike ( subtitle ' The Sequel to Desert Strike ' , or ' Desert Strike part II ' in Japan ) is a video game developed and published by Electronic Arts in 1993 for the Sega Genesis / Mega Drive . The game was later released on several other consoles such as the Super Nintendo Entertainment System ( SNES ) , and an upgraded version was made for the Amiga . The Amiga and other home computer conversions were the responsibility of Ocean Software while the SNES version was that of Gremlin Interactive . It is the direct sequel to Desert Strike ( a best - seller released the previous year ) and is the second installment in the Strike series . The game is a helicopter - based shoot 'em up , mixing action and strategy . The plot concerns two villains intent on destroying Washington , D.C .. The player must use the helicopter and occasionally other vehicles to thwart their plans . Its game engine was carried over from a failed attempt at a flight simulator and was inspired by Matchbox toys and Choplifter . Jungle Strike retained its predecessor 's core mechanics and expanded on the model with additional vehicles and settings . The game was well received by most critics upon release . Publications praised its gameplay , strategy , design , controls and graphics , although there were some complaints regarding the interface , difficulty and perceived jingoistic politics .

Kiswarani ( Aymara kiswara Buddleja incana , -ni a suffix to indicate ownership , " the one with kiswara " , hispanicized spelling Quisuarani ) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru . Its summit reaches about above sea level . The mountain is located in the Cusco Region , Calca Province , Lares District , south of Lares . The village of Kiswarani and the Kiswarani River lie at its feet . The private conservation area of ' Hatun Qiwña Kiswarani Qullana ' ( Hatun Queuña Quishuarani Collana ) of the rural community of Kiswarani Qullana ( Quishuarani Collana ) lies at the mountain . It was founded in 2009 . The aim of the project is to protect the polylepis pepei . The small area includes the southern slope of Kiswarani in the north and the lake Qiwñaqucha in the south .

The Shoghaken Folk Ensemble , an Armenian musical group , performs and records Armenian folk and troubador music . The ensemble was founded in 1995 in Yerevan . It has since performed in Armenia , France ( including a 2006 performance at the Théâtre de la Ville in Paris ) , Germany , Estonia , Russia , the United Arab Emirates , and the U.S. ( including an eighteen - concert 2004 tour and an appearance at the 2002 Folklife Festival as part of the Silk Road project organized by Yo Yo Ma ) . The music of the Shoghaken Ensemble is featured on the soundtrack of the film Ararat . In 2008 , Shoghaken gave concerts during their second major tour of the US and Canada ; the tour coincided with the release of the ensemble ’s latest CD , Shoghaken Ensemble : Music From Armenia . The group includes the singers Hasmik Harutyunyan and Aleksan Harutyunyan . Its members play traditional Armenian instruments including the duduk , the zurna , the dhol , the kanon , the kamancha , and the shvi .

, meaning " Western District " , is a common ward name in many Japanese cities . Nishi - ku , Fukuoka , in Fukuoka , Fukuoka Prefecture Nishi - ku , Hamamatsu , in Hamamatsu , Shizuoka Prefecture Nishi - ku , Hiroshima , in Hiroshima , Hiroshima Prefecture Nishi - ku , Kōbe , in Kobe , Hyōgo Prefecture Nishi - ku , Kumamoto , in Kumamoto , Kumamoto Prefecture Nishi - ku , Nagoya , in Nagoya , Aichi Prefecture Nishi - ku , Niigata , in Niigata , Niigata Prefecture Nishi - ku , Ōsaka , in Osaka , Osaka Prefecture Nishi - ku , Saitama , in Saitama , Saitama Prefecture Nishi - ku , Sakai , in Sakai , Osaka Prefecture Nishi - ku , Sapporo , in Sapporo , Hokkaido Prefecture Nishi - ku , Yokohama , in Yokohama , Kanagawa Prefecture

Curt Smith ( born 24 June 1961 ) is an English singer , songwriter , musician and founding member of the pop rock band Tears for Fears . Smith was the initial lead singer and frontman for Tears for Fears , roles he has come to share with fellow member and childhood friend Roland Orzabal , after leaving the band for almost a decade due to Orzabal 's increasing dominance over the band . As well as playing bass guitar and keyboards , Smith sang the lead vocals on Tears for Fears hits such as " Mad World " , " Pale Shelter " , " Change " , " The Way You Are " and " Everybody Wants to Rule the World " . After his departure from Tears for Fears in 1991 , Smith pursued a solo career and released his debut album Soul on Board in 1993 . In total , he has released five studio albums and one EP .

The Calhoun Depot was a railway station of the Western & Atlantic Railroad that was built by the State of Georgia during 1852 - 53 in Calhoun , Georgia . Unusual for railroads , the Western & Atlantic Railroad was owned and operated by a U.S. state . Calhoun is on its route built from Atlanta , Georgia to Chattanooga , Tennessee . Like other brick or stone depots on the line , the Calhoun Depot was involved in but survived the American Civil War . It was part of the Great Locomotive Chase . It was listed on the NRHP in 1982 . It was deemed significant architecturally " because it represents an antebellum depot designed and built to serve its essential functions . Its simple lines and fundamental , utilitarian styling exemplifies the early , unpretentious frontier times of North Georgia in which it was created . " The depot was also deemed significant in transportation history " because it symbolizes the effect the arrival of the railroad had on the area . " The town of Calhoun , which grew from a settlement known as Oothcalooga , is in area that was taken from the Cherokee Nation in the 1830s . Its location was in Cass County and then Bartow County . At some point it became a railroad stop and finally in 1850 it became the first county seat of new Gordon County . Oothcalooga was soon renamed to Calhoun . According to its NRHP nomination , " The selection of the site for a railroad stop was a prime factor in its later becoming the county seat . The railroad served as a major travel artery , as well as a supply line during the Civil War . It was also part of one of the war 's most famous events , during the Great Locomotive Chase . " After 1890 , the State - owned W & A Line was leased to the L & N Railroad . As of 1982 , freight service continued on the line , although passenger service had been discontinued in the 1960s .

Chris Elder is a retired diplomat of New Zealand . Until 1973 Chris Elder was trained as a Chinese linguist . From 1973 to 1975 he was employed in the New Zealand Embassy in Beijing when it was opened . From 1993 to 1997 he was ambassador in Beijing . From 2001 to 2006 he was ambassador in Jakarta . From 2006 to he was ambassador in the Embassy of New Zealand in Moscow ( Russian Federation ) . In Wellington , Chris has served as the Deputy Secretary with responsibility for Asian affairs and security policy in the Asia - Pacific region . From to 2012 he was Chargé d'affaires in Berlin . In 2012 he retired from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade ( New Zealand ) . He has published a range of papers and articles relating to New Zealand 's interaction with China and with Asia . With Michael Green , he co - authored a historical survey of New Zealand - China relations ( New Zealand and China 1792 - 1972 ) and with Robert Ayson a Centre for Strategic Studies Discussion Paper , China 's Rise and New Zealand 's Interests : A Policy Primer for 2030 .

Juan Escalera ( born March 27 , 1961 ) is a Mexican luchador enmascarado ( masked professional wrestler ) better known as Octagón . He is best known for working for Asistencia Asesoría y Administración ( AAA ) , having worked for the company since it was founded in 1992 . In 2011 he was inducted into the promotion 's Hall of Fame . Octagón formed a tag team with El Hijo Del Santo to take on Los Gringos Locos ( Eddie Guerrero and Art Barr ) in a double mask versus hair match on the first pay - per - view put on by a Mexican wrestling promotion to air in the United States . Over the years the Octagón gimmick has spawned a Mascot called Octagoncito and an " Evil clone " known as Pentagón . In 2014 , Escalera quit AAA .

The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant – Khorasan Province ( , ad - Dawlah al - Islāmiyah fī ' l-ʿIrāq wa - sh - Shām – Wilayah Khorasan ) , or ISIL - KP , is a branch of the militant Islamist group Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant ( ISIL ) , active in Afghanistan and Pakistan . Some media sources also use ISK , ISISK , IS - KP , or ISIS - K in referring to the group . The Khorasan group 's area of operations also includes other parts of South Asia , such as India where individuals have pledged allegiance to it . ISIL announced the group 's formation in January 2015 and appointed former Tehrik - i - Taliban Pakistan militant Hafiz Saeed Khan as its leader , with former Afghan Taliban commander Abdul Rauf Aliza appointed as deputy leader . Aliza was killed in a U.S. drone strike in February 2015 , while Khan was killed in a U.S. airstrike in July 2016 .

The Amtrak Police Department ( APD ) is a railroad police agency , security organization that acts as the law enforcement arm of Amtrak ( the National Railroad Passenger Corporation ) , the government - owned passenger train system in the United States . It is headquartered at Union Station in Washington , D.C. , and has about 428 sworn police officers , most of whom are stationed within the Northeast Corridor , Amtrak 's busiest route . This quasi - federal agency has primary jurisdiction on Amtrak stations nationwide , trains , rights - of - way , maintenance facilities and crimes committed against Amtrak or its passengers . Since 1979 , most Amtrak police officers are trained at the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers ( FLETC ) although some recruits may be certified through a local police academy .

" Yearning for Your Love " is a ballad recorded and released by The Gap Band on Mercury Records . The single was the third release off the band 's fifth album , The Gap Band III . Four different singles , each with a different B - side , were released in 1981 . The song became a modest hit on the US and UK charts when it was released ; it arose to number five on the Hot Soul Singles chart and number sixty on the Billboard Hot 100 . Written by Gap Band backing member / keyboardist Oliver Scott and keyboardist Ronnie Wilson , it was a romantic love song dedicated to Wilson 's wife at the time and was performed by Ronnie 's brother Charlie Wilson .

" Do Shapeshifters Dream of Electric Sheep ? " is the fourth episode of the third season of the American science fiction drama television series Fringe , and the 47th episode overall . The first half of the third season alternated entire episodes between the parallel universe ( the " Other Side " ) and the prime universe ( " Our Side " ) . " Do Shapeshifters Dream of Electric Sheep ? " took place in the prime universe , and involved several shapeshifters , including Thomas Jerome Newton ( Sebastian Roché ) , who is eventually captured . Meanwhile , Fauxlivia ( Anna Torv ) attempts to maintain her cover and minimize the damage . The episode was written by David Wilcox and Matthew Pitts , while Kenneth Fink served as director for the hour . It first aired on October 14 , 2010 in the United States to an estimated 5.22 million viewers . It received mostly positive reviews , as many critics praised the plot 's focus on the shapeshifters .

Hugh Raymond McCrae ( 4 October 1876 – 17 February 1958 ) was an Australian writer . McCrae was born in Melbourne , the son of the Australian author George Gordon McCrae . Originally he trained as an architect , but later took up writing and acting , settling eventually in Sydney and later in the New South Wales town of Camden . His works are notable for a sense of lightness and delicacy , and he had produced , in addition to a volume of memoirs , a considerable body of verse , and a light operetta , an edition of his grandmother 's journal , and a volume of prose pieces . McCrae starred as Australian poet Adam Lindsay Gordon in W. J. Lincoln 's 1916 feature film The Life 's Romance of Adam Lindsay Gordon , shot in and around Melbourne . He wrote a fantasy play The Ship of Heaven which was produced by the Independent Theatre in 1933 , for which Alfred Hill composed and conducted the music . McCrae was well known to a number of distinguished figures in Australian artistic and literary circles . He is remembered for his friendships with Norman Lindsay and Kenneth Slessor , but he was also friendly with such figures as Christopher Brennan and Shaw Neilson . He shared an apartment with Pat Sullivan the creator of Felix the Cat in New York . ' It comes properly as a postscript that in New York McCrae shared a flat with Pat Sullivan , the famed creator of " Felix the Cat . " When a film about Felix was being planned , Sullivan suggested that McCrae should do the drawings while he ( Sullivan ) supplied the ideas . McCrae refused and has regretted it ever since . ' In the 1920s , Australian - born composer John Gough ( 1903 - 51 ) set McCrae 's poem " Song of the Rain " ( from the collection Colombine ) to music .

David Tod ( February 21 , 1805 – November 13 , 1868 ) was an American politician and industrialist from the U.S. state of Ohio . As the 25th Governor of Ohio , Tod gained recognition for his forceful and energetic leadership during the American Civil War . A Democrat who supported the war effort , Tod helped to maintain a fragile alliance between the state 's Republicans and War Democrats and took steps to secure Ohio 's borders . In 1863 , the state 's pro - Union party failed to nominate Tod for a second term because of his tepid support for the abolition of slavery and his unpopularity among the state 's myriad political factions . After completing his two - year term as Ohio governor , Tod turned down an invitation to serve in the government of President Abraham Lincoln as Secretary of the Treasury , citing poor health . Tod died of a stroke in 1868 , three years after the end of the war .

Pugachev 's Rebellion ( Peasants ' War 1773 - 75 , Cossack Rebellion ) of 1773 - 75 was the principal revolt in a series of popular rebellions that took place in the Russian Empire after Catherine II seized power in 1762 . It began as an organized insurrection of Yaik Cossacks headed by Yemelyan Pugachev , a disaffected ex - lieutenant of the Imperial Russian Army , against a background of profound peasant unrest and war with the Ottoman Empire . After initial success , Pugachev assumed leadership of an alternative government in the name of the assassinated Tsar Peter III and proclaimed an end to serfdom . This organized leadership presented a challenge to the imperial administration of Catherine II . The rebellion managed to consolidate support from various groups including the peasants , the Cossacks , and Old Believers priesthood . At one point , its administration claimed control over most of the territory between the Volga River and the Urals . One of the most significant events of the insurrection was the Battle of Kazan in July 1774 . Government forces failed to respond effectively to the insurrection at first , partly due to logistical difficulties and a failure to appreciate its scale . However , the revolt was crushed towards the end of 1774 by General Michelsohn at Tsaritsyn . Pugachev was captured soon after and executed in Moscow in January 1775 . Further reprisals against rebel areas were carried out by General Peter Panin . The events have generated many stories in legend and literature , most notably Pushkin 's historical novel The Captain 's Daughter ( 1836 ) . It was the largest peasant revolt in Russia 's history .

Animositisomina is the eighth studio album by industrial metal band Ministry , released in 2003 . It is the group 's first studio album and second overall release through Sanctuary Records , following the live album Sphinctour . The title is a palindrome , made of the word " animosity " spelled without the final letter and both forward and backward . It is also very similar to Aoxomoxoa , which is an album by the Grateful Dead . According to an interview on Fuse 's Uranium , Jourgensen was bored at the time he was coming up with an album title . It is also worth noting that it is Ministry 's first album to feature lyrics in the album sleeve , in which prior albums did not provide . " The Light Pours Out of Me " was written and originally recorded by Magazine for their Real Life album in 1978 and it is the only song in the album to have more than one word in the title . Ministry did perform the song several times in concerts in the late 1980s , but it was never released or recorded officially . Animositisomina is notable for being the last album with Paul Barker , thus bringing the band 's " Hypo Luxa / Hermes Pan " production duo to an unceremonious end . In addition , it is also the last album to feature Ministry performing in their traditional industrial metal style before switching to a more thrash - oriented sound on their next album , Houses of the Molé . In April 2016 , Jourgensen revealed Animositisomina to be his least - favourite Ministry album ( ignoring the band 's first synthpop album With Sympathy ) , declaring it was " not fun to make " as he was forced to quit his heroin habits during the recording sessions . On top of that , he and Barker were not on good terms anymore , which prompted the latter to leave the band after the Animositisomina tour . " Leper , " the last song on the album , was left as an instrumental as Jourgensen had left the studio earlier than scheduled and did not care to write any lyrics . Al considers Animositisomina a " non - album " and left most of the recording responsibilities to Barker .

By its constitution , Egypt has a multi - party system . However , in practice the National Democratic Party was the long - time ruling party and dominated the Egyptian political arena up until the Egyptian Revolution of 2011 , which ousted NDP president Hosni Mubarak . Under Mubarak , opposition parties were allowed , but were widely considered to have no real chance of gaining power . As of 8 June 2014 , Abdel Fattah el - Sisi is the president . On 28 March 2011 , the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces introduced the Political Party Law , which eases restrictions on the legal establishment of new political parties in Egypt . The legislation has still however been criticized as discriminatory . Under the law new parties are now required to have at least 5,000 members from at least ten of Egypt 's provinces . Originally , new parties were only required to have 1,000 members . This was cited as a barrier for new parties before parliamentary elections which took place at the end of 2011 and beginning of 2012 . Also , new party leaders are required to raise at least LE1 million to publish the names of the founding members in two widely circulated dailies , seen as favoring wealthier interests . Also , no parties are able to form on the basis of religion or class , ruling out the formation of Islamic and labor parties . However , in practice , religious parties have been allowed . After first being denied a license by the political parties commission , the Supreme Administrative Court allowed Gamaa Islamiya to form the Building and Development Party . The political parties commission allowed the Al Nour Party to be approved in May 2011 , in part because it does not refer to the hudud in their electoral program . An article on the Daily News Egypt website states that religious parties have gone around the ban by not explicitly advocating a state based on Islam in their political programs . The 2014 Egyptian constitution bans parties based on religious grounds , though a similar law that was previously in effect did not bar Islamists from running in the 2012 presidential election or the 2011 – 12 parliamentary elections .

Waylon J. Smithers Jr. , usually referred to as Mr. Smithers or simply Smithers , is a recurring fictional character in the animated sitcom The Simpsons , who is voiced by Harry Shearer . Smithers first appeared in the episode " Homer 's Odyssey " , although his voice could be heard in the series premiere " Simpsons Roasting on an Open Fire " . He is the consummate executive and personal assistant of Springfield Nuclear Power Plant 's owner Mr. Burns . Smithers ' devotion to Mr. Burns was inspired from how numerous Fox executives and staff members acted towards Barry Diller . The idea for Smithers ' ambiguous sexual orientation came from Sam Simon , who proposed that Smithers should be gay , but little attention should be drawn to it . Smithers ' first name ( Waylon ) was derived from that of puppeteer Wayland Flowers . Smithers was colourized in his first appearance as black with blue hair . Matt Groening , in an interview with TMZ , said that this was a mistake but the producers did n't have enough money to correct it . Smithers is an obedient and sycophantic assistant to Mr. Burns , and the relationship between the two is a frequent running gag on The Simpsons . In many ways , Smithers represents the stereotype of a closeted gay man , and numerous overt allusions and double entendres concerning his homosexuality are made , though some of the show 's producers instead interpret him as a " Burns - sexual " . In the season 27 ( 2016 ) episode " The Burns Cage " , he came out as gay .

Gogglebox is a British reality programme that has aired on Channel 4 since 7 March 2013 . The programme features a number of families and groups of friends from different places around the United Kingdom who react to British television programmes from their own homes . The programme won a BAFTA award in 2014 and a National Television Award in 2015 , 2016 , 2017 and 2018 . A " Brexit Special " episode of Gogglebox aired on 3 August 2016 , in which the families commented on the result of the recent EU referendum and other current events in British politics . A version of the programme featuring only children , called Gogglesprogs , launched as a Christmas special on Christmas Day 2015 , and was followed by a full - length series , which began airing on 17 June 2016 . Gogglebox was narrated from its launch on 7 March 2013 until 1 April 2016 by Caroline Aherne . Aherne was diagnosed with lung cancer in late-2015 , which led to her eventual death on 2 July 2016 . Craig Cash regularly filled in for Aherne when she was unavailable and took over the role as narrator permanently on 8 April 2016 . On 30 May 2017 , it was confirmed that a new spin - off series entitled Vlogglebox would air on E4 which features reactions from 16- to 24-year - olds as they watch online content on their smartphones , laptops or tablets . Series 12 began on 7 September 2018 .

Antonio Maria Bononcini ( 18 June 1677 – 8 July 1726 ) was an Italian cellist and composer , the younger brother of the better - known Giovanni Bononcini . Bononcini was born and died at Modena in Italy . Like his brother , he studied with Giovanni Paolo Colonna . Between 1690 and 1693 , he played in the orchestra of Cardinal Pamphili . In 1698 he composed an allegory , La fama eroica , for performance in Rome . He worked for some years with his brother , and joined him in the court orchestra at Vienna , where in 1705 he became Kapellmeister to the future Holy Roman Emperor Charles VI . In 1713 he returned to Italy , where he worked in Milan , Naples and Modena . In 1721 he became the maestro di cappella in Modena , where he remained for the rest of his life . In addition to his stage works , he composed over 40 cantatas ( most of them for solo voice and harpsichord ) , as well as sacred music including a Mass in G minor , a Stabat Mater in C Minor , and a Salve Regina .

Noël Hallé ( 2 September 1711 , Paris – 5 June 1781 , Paris ) was a French painter , draftsman and printmaker . He was born into a family of artists , the son of Claude - Guy Hallé . Hallé took the Prix de Rome in 1736 . He studied at the French Academy in Rome from 1737 until 1744 under the direction of Jean - Francois de Troy . As a history painter , he received royal commissions for work at the Grand Trianon , Choisy , the Petit Trianon , and for the Batiments ; he worked for the Gobelins Manufactory factory , for the city of Paris and for the King of Poland . Among his works are Ancient Rome - related The Death of Seneca , Cornelia , Mother of the Gracchi and The Justice of Trajan . Hallé has had numerous works displayed at the Louvre including La Dispute de Minerve et de Neptune and La fuite en Egypte .

The Related Companies , L.P. is an American privately owned real estate firm in New York City , with offices and major developments in Boston , Chicago , Los Angeles , Las Vegas , Miami , San Francisco , Abu Dhabi , London , São Paulo and Shanghai . It has more than 3,000 employees . Related owns more than 8,000 luxury residential rental units in New York City , more than anyone else . Related manages about $ 4 billion of equity capital on behalf of sovereign wealth funds , public pension plans , multi - managers , endowments , Taft Hartley benefits plans , and family offices . It has developed mixed - use projects such as Time Warner Center in New York City , as well as CityPlace in West Palm Beach . Related is currently developing the Hudson Yards Redevelopment Project , which comprises in Manhattan ’s Chelsea and Hell 's Kitchen neighborhoods .

Twisted City is a 2006 album by Dublin singer - songwriter Chris Singleton . A self - engineered and produced album , it took two and a half years to complete . The album was conceived as a tube journey through London ; every song was a ' stop on the line ' and dealt with Chris ' experiences of the city , both personal and professional . The album was mastered in May 2006 by well - known engineer Geoff Pesche ( Coldplay , Gorillaz , Kylie Minogue ) at Abbey Road Studios , London and was released in the UK and Ireland in September 2006 by Right Track / Universal Music Operations . Given the association between the album and the tube , the launch event for the album took place on the London Underground in August 2006 and attracted coverage from ITV News and BBC Radio . " Twisted City " received a warm welcome from rock critics , receiving positive reviews from The Irish Times , Hotpress , Clash Magazine and The Daily Express amongst others . Although Chris Singleton is an Irish artist , Twisted City takes as its main influences classic English rock . Particular influences include The Beatles ( see ' Pieces ' and ' Wherever ' ) , T.Rex ( in particular , ' Gimme Something ' ) , David Bowie ( ' Worry Number One ' ) and The Stone Roses ( ' The Only One ' ) . As a result of these influences , the album arguably has more of a ' rock band ' sound to it than those of other contemporary Irish singer - songwriters .

James Brown Humphrey , also known as " Professor Jim " Humphrey ( 1859 -1937 ) was a musician , bandleader , and music instructor in New Orleans , Louisiana , United States and central figure in the formation of jazz as a contemporary musical art form . Humphrey predates the jazz genre as an active performer and is not himself considered a jazz musician . However , his involvement in the formal training of large numbers of musicians along the southern plantation belt of the Mississippi River delta during the immediate years following the reconstruction era resulted in many virtuoso performers who would go on to originate jazz as a distinct musical genre . Consequently , he is regarded by some in the jazz aficionado community to be " the grandfather of jazz " .

The Bust of Victor Hugo is an 1883 patinated plaster sculpture by the French artist Auguste Rodin of the Romantic writer Victor Hugo . It is now in the Museo Soumaya in Mexico City . In 1883 the journalist Edmond Bazire advised Rodin to cement his reputation by producing a portrait of a notable personality . Rodin thus approached Hugo - he agreed to sittings but refused to sit for longer than 30 minutes . However , he did invite Rodin to stand in the porch of Hugo 's house on Avenue d'Eylau in Paris to make additional drawings from a distance whilst Hugo worked in his living room . He made these drawings from different angles between February and April 1883 , capturing a range of different angles and expressions . He later made frontal and three - quarter - view engravings . The work in Mexico is the first version of the work , cast in bronze in June 1884 and exhibited at the Paris Salon . Rodin continued to refine the image , producing a second version in 1884 and refining the 1883 work until 1885 , around the time of Hugo 's death . Rodin used a larger version of the 1883 work to produce his Monument to Victor Hugo in 1887 .

Chains of Gold is a 1991 American made - for - television action crime drama film starring and co - written by John Travolta . It was directed by Rod Holcomb and included one of the early performances of Joseph Lawrence , who was nominated for Young Artist Award for his role in the movie . The film premiered on Showtime on September 15 , 1991 in United States and was released theatrically in Germany . It was released to DVD on December 15 , 1998 . The opening credits state that Chains of Gold is " based on actual events " , though details of the actual events themselves remain difficult to pin down . The film was shot in Miami , Florida , USA . It is the only film written by twice - nominated Academy Award actor John Travolta .

" Gentle on My Mind " is a song written by John Hartford , which won four 1968 Grammy Awards . Hartford won the award for Best Folk Performance and Best Country & Western Song ( Songwriter ) . The other two awards Best Country & Western Solo Vocal Performance , Male and Best Country & Western Recording , went to American country music singer Glen Campbell for his version of Hartford 's song . The song was released in June 1967 as the only single from the album of the same name . It was re - released in July 1968 to more success . Glen Campbell 's version has received over 5 million plays on the radio . Campbell used " Gentle on My Mind " as the theme to his television variety show , The Glen Campbell Goodtime Hour between 1969 and 1972 . Dean Martin 's version , recorded in 1968 , was a major hit in the United Kingdom ; three versions of the song , Campbell 's , Martin 's and Patti Page 's , all reached the top ten of the U.S. easy listening chart in 1968 . The song was ranked number 16 on BMI 's Top 100 Songs of the Century .

Southwood is a national park in Queensland , Australia , 288   km west of Brisbane . Brigalow - belah forest remnants are conserved in this park on the western Darling Downs . Few intact examples of this vegetation type remain on the Downs . Cypress pine , poplar box , wilga bush , false sandalwood , western teatree and other plant species common throughout the semi - arid lands also grow in the park . Southwood ’s scrubby forests are a refuge for wildlife . More than 92 species of birds have been seen in the park . The wonga pigeon is close to the inland limit of its range here . Large depressions known as gilgais are scattered through the park . These form by constant wetting and drying of the heavy clay soils . This is the traditional land of the Bigambul people . Explorers Allan Cunningham and Thomas Mitchell passed this way but the surrounding area was slow to attract settlers . Formerly known as " Wild Horse Paradise " , Southwood became a national park in 1970 .

Georges Renavent ( born Georges DeChaux , April 23 , 1892 – January 2 , 1969 ) was a French - American actor in film , Broadway plays and operator of American Grand Guignol . He was born in Paris , France . In 1914 , he immigrated to the United States , crossing the frontier between Canada and Vermont . He was married to Selena Royle , an actress and daughter of Edwin Milton Royle , author of The Squaw Man , which was adapted for film and starred Cecil B. DeMille . They left the United States to live in Mexico after Selena was entangled in the McCarthy era Communism investigations and Hollywood blacklist . While in Mexico , both Selena and Georges continued to be active in the arts and put out various cookbooks , including Pheasants for Peasants , A Gringa 's Guide to Mexican Cooking , and Guadalajara As I Know , Live It , Love It .

The PocketStation is a Memory Card peripheral by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation home video game console . Categorized by Sony as a combination of a Memory Card and a miniature personal digital assistant , the device features a monochrome liquid crystal display ( LCD ) , infrared communication capability , a real - time clock , built - in flash memory , and sound capability . To use the device 's memory card functionality , it must be connected to a PlayStation through a memory card slot . It was released exclusively in Japan on January 23 , 1999 . Software for the PocketStation was typically distributed as extras for PlayStation games , included in the CD - ROM , enhancing the games with added features . Stand - alone software could also be downloaded through the PlayStation console . The software is then transferred to the PocketStation for use . A built - in infrared data interface allows direct transfer of data such as game saves between PocketStation units , as well as multiplayer gaming . The original Japanese ship date for the PocketStation was set for December 23 , 1998 , but it was delayed a full month . Sony only shipped an initial 60,000 units of the peripheral when it was released on January 23 , 1999 . It was initially available in two case colors : white and clear . It proved extremely popular , selling out all over the region . Sony planned to release the PocketStation outside Japan , engaging in promotional activity in Europe and North America , but the release did not occur . SCEA cited an inability meeting Japanese demand as the reason for the PocketStation 's absence . Despite this , a few games , such as Final Fantasy VIII and SaGa Frontier 2 , retained PocketStation functionality in their localized versions . The PocketStation 's most popular game was Dokodemo Issho , which sold over 1.5 million copies in Japan and is the first game to star Sony 's mascot Toro . The PocketStation was discontinued in July 2002 after having shipped nearly five million units . On November 5 , 2013 , it was announced that the PocketStation would be revived as an application for the PlayStation Vita , allowing users to play PocketStation format minigames for any classic PlayStation games that they own . Originally it was only available to PlayStation Plus members , it was later released to the general public . It remains an exclusive to the Japanese PlayStation Vitas . The PocketStation also shares similarities with Sega 's VMU for the Dreamcast .

Valerie Agnew is best known for her relationship with the band called the Gits and as the drummer of 7 Year Bitch . She started out in Ohio , dating Steve Moriarty , the drummer of the Gits . She was a very close friend of Mia Zapata , the band 's singer . When the Gits moved to Seattle , Valerie went along with them because of these relationships . After arriving in Seattle , she met the musicians that would become her future band mates : Selene Vigil ( vocals ) , Elizabeth Davis ( bass ) , and Stefanie Sargent ( lead guitar ) . They formed the band 7 Year Bitch , and signed with C / Z Records when they made their debut album Sick ' Em in 1992 . In 1993 , her longtime friend and the Gits frontwoman Mia Zapata was brutally raped and murdered while walking home late at night . In reaction she and 7 Year Bitch made the album named ¡ Viva Zapata ! , dedicated to Sargent and Zapata . Later in 1995 the band signed with Atlantic Records , and a year later made their final studio album , Gato Negro . With the recent departure of their guitarist , Roisin Dunne and the geographical separation between bandmates , Seven Year Bitch 's career came to a close after a final tour with San Francisco 's Lost Goat . The band ended up breaking up .

South Salem is a hamlet in the Town of Lewisboro , Westchester County , in the U.S. state of New York . Part of the New York metropolitan area , the town center has a post office , town hall , library , and recycling center . Notable residents have included the 33rd Vice President of the United States Henry A. Wallace , Major John Andre ( British spy held captive ) , Rolling Stones guitarist Keith Richards , photographer O. Winston Link , artist Charles Sheeler ( American , 1883 – 1965 ) , pianist Hélène Grimaud , composer and arranger Clare Grundman , singer and musical stage headliner Sally Ann Howes , actress Colleen Dewhurst , and notorious real estate scion Robert Durst . The Osborn - Bouton - Mead House was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004 .

The Kali River or Kali nadi is a river flowing through Uttara Kannada district of Karnataka state in India . The river rises near Diggi , a small village in Uttar Kannada district . The river is the lifeline to some 4 lakh people in the Uttara Kannada district and supports the livelihoods of tens of thousands of people including fishermen on the coast of Karwar . There are many dams built across this river for the generation of electricity . One of the important dams build across Kali river is the Supa Dam at Ganeshgudi . The river runs 184 kilometers before joining Arabian Sea . Significant and pictureseque , the Sadashivgad fort is now a popular tourist destination located by the coastal highway Kali river bridge , which has been built above the confluence of the river and the Arabian Sea . The National Highway NH-17 continues on the Kali Bridge built over Kali River and the road continues to split the Sadashivgad granite rock hill to connect Karnataka to Goa .

" The Last of the Famous International Playboys " was the third single released by Morrissey . It reached number 6 in the UK Singles Chart . The song was not featured on one of Morrissey 's main studio albums , but can be found on the compilation album Bona Drag along with the B - side " Lucky Lisp " . The artwork for the single features Morrissey , aged 7 , up a tree in Chorlton - on - Medlock , Manchester — literally a boy at play . " The Last of the Famous International Playboys " is notable for featuring three of Morrissey 's former colleagues in The Smiths — Andy Rourke , Mike Joyce and one - time Smiths rhythm guitarist Craig Gannon — all of whom also appear on the B - side , " Lucky Lisp " . The song mythologizes the notorious pair of vicious London gangsters known as the Kray twins ( Ronnie and Reggie Kray ) , who held a tight rein on the East End of London during the 1960s .

Grooverville is an unincorporated community in Brooks County , Georgia , United States . It was once known as Key and was located at the crossing of the Thomasville and Madison and Sharpe 's Store Road , which was in Thomas County prior to the creation of Brooks County from Lowndes and Thomas counties in 1858 . Grooverville was incorporated on December 8 , 1859 ( per the Department of Transportation 's General Highway Map of Brooks County , dated 1980 ) . The charter of Grooverville was terminated by an act of the Georgia Legislature effective July 1 , 1995 , as codified in the Georgia Code Section 36 - 30 - 7 . Since then , Grooverville has been granted status as Grooverville Historic Township by State of Georgia , Department of Community Affairs . Grooverville Methodist Church and Liberty Baptist Church , the later listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2013 , are located in the area .

Jason Goes to Hell : The Final Friday is a 1993 American slasher film directed by Adam Marcus , produced by Sean S. Cunningham , and starring John D. LeMay , Kari Keegan and Allison Smith . The ninth installment in the Friday the 13th film series , it was preceded by ( 1989 ) and followed by Jason X ( 2001 ) . Its plot continues the Jason Voorhees narrative from previous films , beginning with an FBI ambush in which Voorhees 's body is detonated ; after , his spirit possesses the coroner examining his remains , and he uses the coroner 's body to continue his killings . The film was conceived by co - writer and director Marcus under Cunningham , producer of the first film . After low box - office sales for Part VIII : Jason Takes Manhattan , Paramount Pictures sold the character rights of Jason Voorhees to New Line Cinema , who distributed Jason Goes to Hell . Cunningham approved of the story co - written by first - time writer - director Marcus , who was hired to direct the project . Jason Goes to Hell : The Final Friday premiered in the United States on August 13 , 1993 , and grossed $ 15.9 million at the box office . Several film critics denounced Marcus 's script and direction , and the film polarized fans of the series due to its supernatural elements and elimination of Jason Voorhees as a physical character . Its conclusion , which references fellow film villain Freddy Krueger , established what would become Freddy vs. Jason , released ten years later in 2003 .

The Order of Myths is a 2008 documentary film directed by Margaret Brown . It focuses on the Mardi Gras celebrations in Mobile , Alabama , the oldest in the United States . It reveals the separate mystic societies established and maintained by black and white groups , and acknowledges the complex racial history of a city with a slaveholding past . While showing the mystic societies ' ties to economic , class and racial stratification , the film also showed the beginnings of interaction between the black and white courts . It also tells some of the history of Africatown , a community formed north of Mobile in 1860 by Africans from Ghana , transported illegally as slaves to Mobile decades after the end of the slave trade . The film competed in the Documentary Competition at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival . It had a limited release in New York on July 25 , 2008 , and ran on Independent Lens , a PBS series featuring independent films , in 2009 . It was distributed by The Cinema Guild .

Spacemonkeyz are a musical group consisting of Darren Galea , Richie Stevens and Gavin Dodds . They came together when Galea created a dub remix of Gorillaz 's " Tomorrow Comes Today " ( " Tomorrow Dub " , which was released as a B - side on the " Tomorrow Comes Today " single ) , which Gorillaz founder Damon Albarn liked so much that he asked Galea to remix the whole album Gorillaz . The resulting album , Laika Come Home , was released in July 2002 . The album 's first and only single " Lil ' Dub Chefin ' " reached # 73 on the UK Singles Chart . They also wrote an original song with Taiwanese singer Stanley Huang , " Spacemonkeyz Theme " , which appeared as a B - side on " Lil ' Dub Chefin ' " , and did a remix of the Herbert Grönemeyer single " Mensch " . Darren Galea performed turntables as part of the Gorillaz live band on all of the ' Gorillaz ' & ' Demon Days ' Live dates between 2000 and 2006 . Like the Gorillaz , they are a virtual band ( though not to the degree that Gorillaz are ) . According to the fictional Gorillaz biography Rise of the Ogre , the group is an actual team of monkeys used in space tests who had stolen the tracks from an unattended Kong Studios and remixed them without Gorillaz 's permission . Since the release of Laika Come Home the band has not released any new material . On the Hallelujah Monkeyz podcast Richie Stevens announced that new Spacemonkeyz material will be releasing soon .

A'isha bint Talhah ( ) was , according to a Sunni source , the daughter of the prominent Muslim general Talha ibn Ubayd - Allah and Umm Kulthum bint Abu Bakr . Umm Kulthum was the daughter of the first Sunni Caliph , Abu Bakr . Her first husband was her cousin , Abdullah ibn Abdulrahman ibn Abi Bakr . She then married Musab ibn Al - Zubayr al - Asadi , governor of Basra , who was killed . Her third husband was Umar ibn Ubaydullah al - Taymi . The following words are attributed to her about veil , widely recognized dress code for women in Islam . " Since the Almighty hath put on me the stamp of beauty , it is my wish that the public should view the beauty and thereby recognized His grace unto them . On no account , therefore , will I veil myself . "

The Robert C. Byrd Bridge is a continuous truss bridge that crosses the Ohio River between Huntington , West Virginia and Chesapeake , Ohio . The crossing was constructed to replace an old , narrow , two - lane structure that was demolished after 69 years of service in a spectacular implosion on July 17 , 1995 . The previous bridge , opened in 1926 , was Huntington 's first bridge across the Ohio River and was designed in a gothic style , complete with four two - ton spires that rested on top of each peak . The groundbreaking ceremony for the four - lane bridge was held on April 30 , 1991 . James Watkins , of the Ohio Department of Transportation , stated that the importance of the new four - lane span would only be heightened by the construction of the Chesapeake - Proctorville State Route 7 bypass that would " begin in 1996 . " Work on the bypass did not begin until 2000 . The old 6th Street Bridge closed in the summer of 1993 to allow for the construction of the ramps and approaches in West Virginia and Ohio . The new bridge was named the Robert C. Byrd Bridge under an executive order from former Governor Gaston Caperton to honor the U.S. senator from West Virginia , who is credited with obtaining the funding for the project that was completed on November 6 , 1994 . The $ 32.6 million bridge was constructed with $ 1.4 coming from Ohio , $ 5.6 coming from West Virginia , and $ 25.3 in federal funds . The famous spires which once adorned the top of the former span were saved . One is currently on display outside of the Chesapeake city hall at the intersection of State Route 7 and the Robert C. Byrd Bridge . Two others are installed along 9th Street between 3rd and 5th Avenues .

Tyre ( Ṣūr ; Phoenician : Ṣūr ; Syriac - Aramaic : ܣܘܪ , Tzór ; Greek : Τύρος Týros ; ; Tir ; ) , sometimes romanized as Sour , is a district capital in the South Governorate of Lebanon . There were approximately 117,000 inhabitants in 2003 . However , the government of Lebanon has released only rough estimates of population numbers since 1932 , so an accurate statistical accounting is not possible . Tyre juts out from the coast of the Mediterranean and is located about south of Beirut . The name of the city means " rock " after the rocky formation on which the town was originally built . The adjective for Tyre is Tyrian , and the inhabitants are Tyrians . Tyre is an ancient Phoenician city and the legendary birthplace of Europa and Dido ( Elissa ) . Today it is the fourth largest city in Lebanon after Beirut , Tripoli and Sidon . and houses one of the nation 's major ports . Tourism is a major industry . The city has a number of ancient sites , including its Roman Hippodrome , which was added to UNESCO 's list of World Heritage Sites in 1979 .

An adoption reunion registry is a formal mechanism where adoptees and their birth family members can be reunited . Registries may be free or charge fees , be facilitated by non - profit organizations , government agencies or private businesses . Generally , such adoption registries exist only in countries which practiced closed adoption , i.e. adoption in which the full identities of the birth parents , birth family members and the adopting family are not readily disclosed . Some reunion registries are based on mutual consent and do matches from the information provided by the registrants . Others , run by governmental agencies , have access to the original documents identifying a birth family or adopting family . This is a form of adoption disclosure . In general , adoptees must be adults before they may be given identifying information , or at least age 18 . In the United States , state law governs whether such an institution may release this identifying information to the interested party . Some states have an adoption registry , in which both the adopted adult and birthparent must register before information will be provided . In other states , if the adoptee requests information , the organization will contact the birth parent and request consent for a reunion . In Canada , adult adoptees from British Columbia , Newfoundland , and Ontario generally have access to their own birth and adoption information provided no disclosure veto has been filed . In other provinces / territories , limited access to information is allowed ; all jurisdictions have some form of reunion register . In the United Kingdom , adoption law has been amended to allow for open adoptions , the right to access one 's records , and a state - run adoption reunion registry has been established . Though many such registries are operated by government agencies , many private registries do exist , and can be found on the Web . These tend to be owned and/or managed by members of the adoption community and are generally more successful than government - run registries . The largest such organization is the International Soundex Reunion Registry , Inc. , ( ISRR ) founded in 1975 . A problem generally with state - run registries has been the lack of publicity surrounding them . In contrast , in April 2005 , the state - run National Adoption Contact Preference Register was launched in Ireland with a national radio and newspaper advertising campaign , and included an application form for the registry being delivered to every household . The Irish registry allows a person using it to specify whether or not they want contact and/or reunion , what form that contact should take ( e.g. , letter , phone , e - mail ) , and , if they do not want contact at the time being , still allows for the passing of medical and/or background information to the other party .

Jason Sheldon Zimmerman ( born February 5 , 1989 ) , known by his gamertag Mew2King , shortened as M2 K , is an American professional Super Smash Bros. player . He has won more than 70 tournaments during his career , primarily in Super Smash Bros. Melee . He is one of the " Five Gods " of Melee , along with Juan " Hungrybox " Debiedma , Adam " Armada " Lindgren , Kevin " PPMD " Nanney , and Joseph " Mang0 " Marquez and is also one of the most accomplished Super Smash Bros. Brawl players ever . He is a skilled player of Super Smash Bros. for Wii U and Project M as well . In Melee Mew2King primarily plays Marth , Sheik , and Fox , while he plays Meta Knight in Brawl . He uses his namesake character Mewtwo , as well as Fox and Mario , in Project M and specializes as Kirby in Super Smash Bros. 64 . In Super Smash Bros. for Wii U , Mew2King 's primary character is Cloud . Mew2King 's extremely methodical style of play , as well as his knowledge of frame data in Melee , has earned him the nickname The Robot . He is known to play Melee using a claw - like grip on his controller . For his skill across every Smash Bros game , he is regarded by some as the greatest smasher of all time . He is a member of Echo Fox .

The Winnipeg Blue Bombers ( officially the Winnipeg Football Club ) are a Canadian football team based in Winnipeg , Manitoba . They are currently members of the West Division of the Canadian Football League ( CFL ) . They play their home games at Investors Group Field after many years of playing at the since demolished Canad Inns Stadium . The Blue Bombers were founded in 1930 as the Winnipeg Football Club , which remains the organization 's legal name today . Since that time , they have won the league 's Grey Cup championship 10 times , most recently in 1990 . With 10 wins , they have the third - highest win total in the Grey Cup although they are currently the team with the longest Grey Cup drought . The Blue Bombers were the first team not located in Ontario or Quebec to win a championship and hold the record for most Grey Cup appearances with 25 .

" Exile " is the thirty - second episode of the twenty - ninth series of the British medical drama Casualty . It was written by Kelly Jones , directed by Steve Hughes , and produced by Jonathan Phillips . " Exile " first aired on 16 May 2015 on BBC One in the United Kingdom . The plot sees Charlie Fairhead ( Derek Thompson ) and Connie Beauchamp ( Amanda Mealing ) travel to Bucharest to help Charlie 's son Louis ( Gregory Foreman ) , who has become a heroin addict and is planning on selling his kidney to pay his debts . Executive producer Oliver Kent initially had doubts about taking the show away from its regular setting , as he thought it might appear " odd " . Unlike other episodes , " Exile " only follows one story , as opposed to multiple plots . Producers decided that Louis would be central to the story , as putting him in jeopardy meant Charlie had to come to his rescue . The producers also wanted to send Charlie and Connie on a metaphorical rollercoaster , before reaching pivotal points in their story arcs . Kent hoped " Exile " would become " a talking point " among viewers in the future . The episode was filmed on - location in Romania in late 2014 , marking the first time an entire episode of Casualty has been filmed abroad . Scenes from the episode were first seen in an April 2015 trailer for the show , while two 30-second trailers were released shortly ahead of its broadcast . " Exile " was seen by 5.28 million viewers , making it the 12th most watched programme on BBC One for the week ending 17 May 2015 . It received positive reviews from critics , with Alison Graham of Radio Times calling it " a positive thing for the characters " and Sarah Ellis of Inside Soap branding the plot " a heart - wrenching story " .

Sachen Kunga Nyingpo ( ) ( 1092 – 1158 ) was a Tibetan spiritual leader and the first of the Five Venerable Supreme Sakya Masters of Tibet . Sachen Kunga Nyinpo was the 3rd Sakya Trizin and son of Khon Konchok Gyalpo ( 1034 – 1102 ) who was the first Sakya Trizin and founder of the first Sakya Monastery in Tibet in 1073 . Sachen Kunga Nyingpo , the son of Khon Konchok Gyalpo and an emanation of Manjushri , was born in 1092 into the prominent Khon clan of Sakya . From early childhood , Sachen showed great signs of wisdom . At the age of twelve , Sachen , under the guidance of his guru , Bari Lotsava , performed one - point meditation on Manjushri . After meditating on this for a continuous period of six months , the bodhisattva appeared in front of him and gave him the teachings on the parting of four attachments as follows : If you cling to this life , then you are not a dharma practitioner ; If you cling to the wheel of existence , then you do not possess renunciation ( nekkhamma ) ; If you look only to your own interests , then you do not possess bodhichitta ; If clinging ensues , then you do not possess the view . Sachen realised in an instant that this teaching contained the essence of the Path of Perfection . He was a strict vegetarian and received teachings and empowerments on sutras and tantras from many great teachers , including his father and Virupa . Sachen was a man of immense virtue and bodhicitta . He had immeasurable faith in his practice and was a great teacher of Dharma . Sachen passed all the doctrines to his two sons , Sonam Tsemo and Drakpa Gyaltsen . He died at the age of 67 in 1158 .

Christina Surer ( born 26 March 1974 in Basel ) is a Swiss race car driver . She has been racing for more than a decade , having spent several years in go - karts before participating in the Ford Superseries ( 2002 ) , Alfa 147 Cup ( 2002 ) and the Ford Fiesta Cup ( 2003 ) . She has participated in two 24 Hours Nürburgring races ( 2004 , 2005 ) and since 2004 , has been racing in the Seat Leon Supercopa . Surer has modelled for Playboy and was married to Formula One driver Marc Surer from 1997 to 2000 . In 2012 , she became engaged to DTM racer Martin Tomczyk . Aside from racing and modelling , she hosts television programs .

I Am is the fifth studio album by the heavy metal band Becoming the Archetype . The album was recorded between May 21 and June 17 and was released on September 18 , 2012 through Solid State Records . This album is a departure from the previous effort , as Seth Hecox says , " gone are the sitars and horns of Celestial Completion . Instead , we 've crafted an album full of the heaviest and most technical songs we 've ever written . ” It is the first release by the band to feature Chris McCane on vocals , Codey Watkins on bass , and Chris Heaton on drums . Guitarist / vocalist Seth Hecox is the only original member from the debut album featured on I Am . The first single to promote the album was the song " The Time Bender " , released on August 28 , 2012 , as well a lyric video and an official video .

Léon Louis Rostan ( 17 March 1790 – 4 October 1866 ) was a French internist and a member of the Académie Nationale de Médecine . Rostan was born in Saint - Maximin - la - Sainte - Baume , and studied medicine in Marseilles and Paris . He was a disciple of Philippe Pinel ( 1745 – 1826 ) , and for much of his professional career was associated with the Salpêtrière Hospital in Paris . In 1819 Rostan was the author of Recherches sur le ramollissement du cerveau ( Researches on cerebral softening ) , in which he provided the first accurate description of spontaneous cerebral softening . He documented that the disorder was a specific anatomo - clinic entity that was different from encephalitis and apoplexy . His findings were harshly criticised by followers of Broussais ' teachings on physiological medicine , who claimed that brain softenings were the result of an inflammation process , and therefore should be depicted as encephalitis . He also did extensive research of animal magnetism and somnambulism , and wrote a treatise on charlatanism for his graduate thesis . Rostan performed early studies on the classification of body types , using descriptive terms such as respiratory - cerebral , muscular and digestive in his analysis . In 1845 , he was elected a foreign member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences .

Fictionalized portrayals of George W. Bush , the 43rd President of the United States , have become common since his inauguration on January 20 , 2001 . Many popular TV shows , magazines , books and comics have portrayed or satirized him . Several comedians and comic actors were known for impressions of Bush during his presidency , including Will Ferrell and Will Forte ( both originally on Saturday Night Live ) , Jon Culshaw , Frank Caliendo , James Adomian and Jon Stewart . Impressionist Steve Bridges had a notably involved impression that included facial prosthetics to achieve similarity to Bush ; he impersonated Bush in a variety of settings , including once alongside the real President Bush at the 2006 White House Correspondents ' Association dinner . Actor Timothy Bottoms portrayed Bush fictionally multiple times during the Bush presidency : in the Comedy Central sitcom That 's My Bush ! , as a cameo in the family film , and in a serious role in the telefilm DC 9/11 ( 2003 ) . Bush was the target of satire for most of his presidency . Most fictional depictions of the President in popular media tend to emphasize his drawl and tendency to use incorrect grammar and malapropisms in speeches , as well as his sometimes awkward hand and facial gestures . Bush is often depicted in caricatures with a large nose and ears , and small eyes , giving him a somewhat elfin appearance , or sometimes to look similar to a chimpanzee . He is also sometimes drawn in political cartoons as being short in stature , although in reality he is taller than the average American . Most fictionalized portrayals of George W. Bush have been negative , which some conservatives claim is reflective of a leftist media bias .

Thomas Köner ( born 1965 in Bochum , Germany ) is a multimedia artist whose main interest lies in combining visual and auditory experiences . He 's been noted for his use of low frequencies . The BBC , in a review of Köner 's work in 1997 , calls him a " media artist , " one who works between installation , sound art , ambient music and as one half of Porter Ricks dub techno . During his exhibition at the Musée d'art contemporain de Montreal , the museum called him a major innovator in the contemporary music scene , as well as noted his collaborative practice which has led to his working with musicians , filmmakers and visual artists on installations and sound performances , and to his creation of six video works produced in two cycles , starting in 2003 . 2006 Köner produced Station Eismitte , a work inspired by Alfred Wegener 's 1930 arctic expedition and named after the expedition 's site . 2009 Köner created The Futurist Manifesto , a digital opera , to coincide with the 100 year anniversary of the famous manifesto published in 1909 by Filippo Tommaso Marinetti . This work has been performed live several times in festivals across Europe with Carl Faia and Iris Garrelfs .

Arthur Betz Laffer (; born August 14 , 1940 ) is an American economist who first gained prominence during the Reagan administration as a member of Reagan 's Economic Policy Advisory Board ( 1981 – 89 ) . Laffer is best known for the Laffer curve , an illustration of the concept that there exists some tax rate between 0 % and 100 % that will result in maximum tax revenue for governments . He is the author and co - author of many books and newspaper articles , including Supply Side Economics : Financial Decision - Making for the 80s . Laffer is Policy Co - Chairman ( with Lawrence " Larry " Kudlow ) of the Free Enterprise Fund and serves on the " Board of Scholars " of the American Legislative Exchange Council ( ALEC ) . Laffer was one of four economists who acted as advisors to Donald Trump 's successful 2016 campaign for the presidency of the United States .

Turn Left , Turn Right ( ) is a 2003 joint Hong Kong - Singaporean romance film , filmed in Taipei , Taiwan . Produced and directed by Johnnie To and Wai Ka - Fai , the film stars Takeshi Kaneshiro and Gigi Leung . The story is based on the illustrated book A Chance of Sunshine by Taiwanese author Jimmy Liao , who makes a cameo appearance with his wife and daughter in the film . It is also the first Chinese - language Asian film ever from produced and distributed by Warner Bros. The original graphic novel was first published in 1999 . The characters in the novel were not given names , both characters were only referred to as " him " and " her " . Chinese title of the book translates to " Turn Left , Turn Right " , A Chance of Sunshine is the original English title of the book , on the newer published editions the English title is shown as " Turn Left , Turn Right " . The book consists of a series of detailed illustrated images , with a small amount of text in poetry style . The film has managed to include every single image in the book with a high level of accuracy , although some are fleeting .

The Fu River , or Fuhe ( ) , is a river in China 's Jiangxi province . Its basin occupies most of the Fuzhou prefecture of Jiangxi . The Fu River has it origin on the northwestern slopes of the Wuyi Mountains , from where it flows in the general north - northwestern and northwestern direction . Via a network of smaller lakes and channels in Nanchang prefecture , the waters of the Fuhe eventually reach the Poyang Lake , to which it is one of the major tributaries , along with the Gan River ( which flows from the south / southwest ) and a number of smaller rivers coming from the east and west . As the Poyang Lake drains into the Yangtze , the Fu River is part of the Yangtze Basin as well .

Stanley Gordon Orr , ( 28 September 1916 – 11 August 2003 ) was the highest scoring fighter ace of the Royal Navy during the Second World War . Flying with the Fleet Air Arm he was credited with the destruction of 17 aircraft . His success was recognised by the awards of the Distinguished Service Cross and Two Bars , an Air Force Cross and a Mention in Despatches . Orr took part in campaigns over Norway and Dunkirk in 1940 and then moved to the Mediterranean aboard . During this time he was involved in the Battle of Taranto , the defence of Malta , the Battle of Cape Matapan , and land based operations in Egypt . Later in the war in 1944 , he was involved in the attack on the German battleship Tirpitz . At the end of the Second World War he remained in the navy , becoming a test pilot at the Empire Test Pilots ' School . He saw further action during the Korean War , when he served aboard as Commander ( flying ) . His last job in the navy was in command of the Hovercraft trials unit . Upon leaving the Royal Navy in 1966 , he became a marine superintendent at Vospers .

Maria Elisabeth Ziesenis , later Lampe ( July 26 , 1744 – August 24 , 1796 ) was a German painter . Born in Frankfurt am Main , Ziesenis was the daughter of Johann Georg Ziesenis , who was also her teacher . In 1776 she married Johann Bodo Lampe ( 1738 – 1802 ) , the königlicher Leibchirurgus who directed the botanical garden in Hanover . She worked during her career in oils and sometime in pastel , and produced miniature paintings as well . In 1780 she became a member of the Kassel Akademie ; upon that occasion she exhibited a self - portrait in pastel and was classed as an amateur . A pair of surviving pastels show a great deal of attention to detail , especially in the depiction of the sitters ' clothing and accessories . Ziesinis 's sister Margaretha was also a miniature painter .

The British Academy Video Games Award for Performer is an award presented annually by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts ( BAFTA ) . It is given in honor of " the best performance featured in a game ; from voice artistry through to motion capture " . The award was first given at the 8th British Academy Video Games Awards ceremony , held in 2012 , with Mark Hamill winning the award for his performance as the Joker in . Since its inception , the award has been given to five performers . Ashley Johnson has received the most awards in this category with two wins , both for her portrayal of Ellie in The Last of Us and its expansion . Troy Baker and Nolan North have both received three nominations each .

József Cardinal Mindszenty [ jo : ʒɛf mindsɛnti ] ( 29 March 18926 May 1975 ) was the Prince Primate , Archbishop of Esztergom , cardinal , and leader of the Catholic Church in Hungary from 2   October 1945 to 18   December 1973 . According to Encyclopædia Britannica , for five decades " he personified uncompromising opposition to fascism and communism in Hungary " . During World War II , he was imprisoned by the pro - Nazi Arrow Cross Party . After the war , he opposed communism and the communist persecution in his country . As a result , he was tortured and given a life sentence in a 1949 show trial that generated worldwide condemnation , including a United Nations resolution . After eight years in prison , he was freed in the Hungarian Revolution of 1956 and granted political asylum by the United States embassy in Budapest , where Mindszenty lived for the next fifteen years . He was finally allowed to leave the country in 1971 . He died in exile in 1975 in Vienna , Austria .

Tetlin Junction ( also Forty Mile , Tetlin Center , or Tetling Junction ) is an unincorporated community in Southeast Fairbanks Census Area , Alaska , United States . Its elevation is 1,745   feet ( 532   m ) , along the north bank of the Tanana River . The official spelling of its name has been " Tetlin Junction " since a Board on Geographic Names ruling in 1950 . The community is named for its location at the junction of the Alaska and Taylor highways : it lies 8   miles ( 13   km ) east of Tok Junction , 13   miles ( 21   km ) north - northwest of Tetlin , and 11   miles ( 18   km ) east - southeast of Tanacross .

During the heyday of rail transportation in the first half of the 20th century , Chicago , Illinois reigned as the undisputed railroad center of the United States and was served by six intercity train terminals . With the decline of rail passenger service many of these facilities disappeared ; today only Union Station remains in use in a substantially original form , and is the only one served by Amtrak trains . The Chicago and North Western Passenger Terminal has been replaced with a newer station and renamed Ogilvie Transportation Center , and LaSalle Street Station has also been replaced with a newer facility . Millennium Station is on the site of the pre-1893 Illinois Central Railroad Great Central Station , used since then only for commuter trains . All four stations are used by Metra commuter service . The table below shows all lines that have served downtown Chicago and what terminal they used . A red background indicates that the railroad owned a part or full share of the terminal . NOTE : The Chicago , Terre Haute and Southeastern Railway , later part of the Chicago , Milwaukee , St. Paul and Pacific Railroad , never had passenger service in the Chicago area .

Taiwan is primarily a destination for men , women , and children trafficked for the purposes of forced labor and sexual exploitation . It is also a source of women trafficked to Japan , Australia , the United Kingdom , and the United States . Women and girls from the People ’s Republic of China ( P.R.C. ) and Southeast Asian countries are trafficked to Taiwan through fraudulent marriages , deceptive employment offers , and illegal smuggling for sexual exploitation and forced labor . Many trafficking victims are workers from rural areas of Vietnam , Thailand , Indonesia , and the Philippines , employed through recruitment agencies and brokers to perform low skilled work in Taiwan ’s construction , fishing , and manufacturing industries , or to work as domestic servants . Such workers are often charged high job placement and service fees , up to $ 14,000 , resulting in substantial debt that labor brokers or employers use as a tool for involuntary servitude . Many foreign workers remain vulnerable to trafficking because legal protections , oversight by authorities and enforcement efforts are inadequate . Taiwan authorities reported that traffickers continued to use fraudulent marriages to facilitate labor and sex trafficking , despite increased efforts by the authorities to prevent this practice . Some women who are smuggled onto Taiwan to seek illegal work were sometimes sold in auctions to sex traffickers , and subsequently forced to work in the commercial sex industry . NGOs reported a sharp increase during the reporting period in the number of boys rescued from prostitution , mainly discovered during police investigations of online social networking sites suspected of being front operations for prostitution rings . Taiwan authorities made clear progress during the rating period by improving efforts to investigate and prosecute trafficking cases , approving amendments to Taiwan ’s Immigration Act that will significantly enhance legal protections for trafficking victims , and approving a budget plan of $ 12.6 million for victim protection measures . U.S. State Department 's Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons placed the country in " Tier 1 " in 2017 .

Unix (; trademarked as UNIX ) is a family of multitasking , multiuser computer operating systems that derive from the original AT&T ; Unix , development starting in the 1970s at the Bell Labs research center by Ken Thompson , Dennis Ritchie , and others . Initially intended for use inside the Bell System , AT&T ; licensed Unix to outside parties in the late 1970s , leading to a variety of both academic and commercial Unix variants from vendors including University of California , Berkeley ( BSD ) , Microsoft ( Xenix ) , IBM ( AIX ) , and Sun Microsystems ( Solaris ) . In the early 1990s , AT&T ; sold its rights in Unix to Novell , which then sold its Unix business to the Santa Cruz Operation ( SCO ) in 1995 . The UNIX trademark passed to The Open Group , a neutral industry consortium , which allows the use of the mark for certified operating systems that comply with the Single UNIX Specification ( SUS ) . As of 2014 , the Unix version with the largest installed base is Apple 's macOS . Unix systems are characterized by a modular design that is sometimes called the " Unix philosophy " . This concept entails that the operating system provides a set of simple tools that each performs a limited , well - defined function , with a unified filesystem ( the Unix filesystem ) as the main means of communication , and a shell scripting and command language ( the Unix shell ) to combine the tools to perform complex workflows . Unix distinguishes itself from its predecessors as the first portable operating system : almost the entire operating system is written in the C programming language , thus allowing Unix to reach numerous platforms .

Google Keep is a note - taking service developed by Google . Launched on March 20 , 2013 , Google Keep is available on the web , and has mobile apps for the Android and iOS mobile operating systems . Keep offers a variety of tools for taking notes , including text , lists , images , and audio . Users can set reminders , which are integrated with Google Now . Text from images can be extracted using optical character recognition , and voice recordings can be transcribed . The interface allows for a single - column view or a multi - column view . Notes can be color - coded , and labels can be applied for organization . Later updates have added functionality to pin notes , and to collaborate on notes with other Keep users in real - time . Google Keep has received mixed reviews . A review just after launch in 2013 praised its speed , the quality of voice notes , synchronization , and the widget that could be placed on the Android home screen . Reviews in 2016 have criticized the lack of formatting options , inability to undo changes , and an interface that only offers two view modes where neither was liked for their handling of long notes . However , Google Keep received praise for features including universal device access , native integration with other Google services , and the option to turn photos into text through optical character recognition .

Lübecker Yacht - Club ( Lübeck Yacht Club ) is a yacht club in Germany . The club is run by two commodores and has four houses . The oldest one was established in 1898 in Lübeck , one of the former Hanseatic League cities . This building houses the club 's youth section and the LYC - Marketing GmbH , a company officially registered by the Yacht Club of Lübeck that runs the projects of the club . There is room for 100 dinghies in its premises as well as the nostalgic 12-footer fleet . It has three more buildings in nearby Travemünde , a borough of Lübeck located at the mouth of river Trave in Lübeck Bay . One of these buildings is a restored 1909 boathouse . It houses the club 's social section and has a reastaurant that is open to the public . It also has mooring space for visiting yachts as well as facilities for visitors . There is a ferry service to cross the Trave run by the club . The other one is located at a place called Mövenstein , on the former premises of a 1925 seaside resort . It was obtained by the Yacht Club of Lübeck in 1994 and transformed into a building that houses the catamaran and dinghy fleet of the club . This place has onshore accommodation both for members and guests . Still there is another building that is a regatta station for the Travemünder Woche , of which the Yacht Club of Lübeck is one of the main organizers .

" Good Life " is a 1990 single by The Braxtons , featuring Toni Braxton and her four sisters : Towanda , Trina , Traci Braxton , and Tamar Braxton . " Good Life " , written by the German songwriting / production team Klarmann / Weber , was Toni Braxton 's first professional recording . Toni Braxton and her sisters signed with Arista Records as The Braxtons in 1989 . In 1990 , they released " Good Life " , their first and only single as a fivesome . The single , backed with " Family " as a B - side , reached # 79 on the Billboard Hot Black Single charts . The song was n't a major hit but it caught the attention of the songwriting / production team of L.A. Reid and Babyface , who had just formed their own label , LaFace Records ( associated with Arista ) . Toni Braxton was signed with LaFace as a solo artist . The Braxtons disbanded as a foursome but would later reunite as a threesome in 1996 , when Trina , Tamar , and Towanda released So Many Ways on Atlantic Records . Traci was not signed because she was pregnant at the time . The Braxtons disbanded for good when Tamar left the group for a solo record deal . " Good Life " is featured on The Essential Toni Braxton .

Mükemmel is the eleventh studio album by Turkish singer - songwriter - diva Hande Yener , released on June 2 , 2014 , by Poll Production . In Mukemmel , Yener goes back to her ' popular music combined with electronic elements ' roots reminiscent of her previous albums Ask Kadin Ruhundan Anlamiyor , Apayri and Nasil Delirdim . The improved quality and sound of her songs have been positively received by her fans and music authorities . The album reached number 1 in digital sales in iTunes Turkey the day after it was released . The songs Karar Ver , Naber , Kaybol and the first single Alt Dudak have been the songs standing out initially in the album . The album includes mostly upbeat dance tracks and some mid - tempo pop and R&B ; beat - driven ballads . Yener is able to display her full vocal range through all songs in Mukemmel while showing her powerful , rich and emotive voice .

Alan Tew is a British composer and arranger . He got his start in the 1950s as the pianist and arranger for the Len Turner Band based in London . Tew is known as a composer of library music , including the theme tunes for British television programmes , Doctor in the House called " Bond Street Parade " , and ... And Mother Makes Three . He also composed all the music for the 1975 series , The Hanged Man , some of which was used as incidental music for The Two Ronnies , The Sweeney , the 2009 Blaxploitation spoof Black Dynamite , and would eventually become the primary music ( theme , bumpers ) for both iterations of the American television series , The People 's Court . That same track , entitled " The Big One " , was used in an episode of the British detective show Van der Valk . Tew also led his own orchestra , The Alan Tew Orchestra , and collaborated with Cat Stevens . During his career , Tew made a number of orchestral albums with the CBS label such as Tew 's album The Magnificent Westerns ( 1969 ) .

Maksim Valerevich Zyuzyakin ( Russian : Максим Валерьевич Зюзякин ) ( born 13 January 1991 ) is a Russian professional ice hockey player who is currently under contract to HC Sarov in the Supreme Hockey League ( VHL ) . He has played for various KHL , Supreme Hockey League ( VHL ) , and Junior Hockey League ( MHL ) teams . Zyuzyakin was the only rostered member of the team not aboard the Lokomotiv Yaroslavl plane crash . He had been asked by head coach Brad McCrimmon to stay behind in Yaroslavl to rest and meet with the team in Moscow for their next scheduled game against Spartak , which was never played , as Lokomotiv Yaroslavl cancelled their participation in the 2011–12 KHL season as a result of the crash . Instead Russian hockey coach Petr Vorobiev led the team as it played part of the 2011 – 2012 season in the VHL , Russia 's equivalent of the American Hockey League . As the only surviving player , Zyuzyakin later was named captain of Lokomotiv Yaroslavl for the 2011 – 12 VHL season and became a symbol of the team 's revival . In the 2013 – 14 VHL season he went to the playoffs with Rubin Tyumen . He played with Metallurg Novokuznetsk for part of the 2013 – 14 KHL season .

The United Conservative Party ( , PCU ) was a right - wing Chilean political party founded in December 1953 after the merger of the Traditionalist Conservative Party and a faction of the Social Christian Conservative Party , issued from the Conservative Party . It supported for the 1958 presidential election the candidacy of Jorge Alessandri and participated , along with the Liberal Party and supporters of former president Carlos Ibáñez del Campo , in its government . In 1962 , it participated in the Democratic Front of Chile center - right coalition which opposed the left - wings FRAP coalition and supported for the 1964 presidential election Eduardo Frei Montalva ( who obtained less than 56 % of the votes ) . Following the low results obtained at the 1965 parliamentary elections , the United Conservative Party merged in 1966 with the Liberal Party and the National Action ( founded in 1963 by Jorge Prat Echaurren , who had been Minister of Finances in 1954 in Carlos Ibáñez del Campo 's cabinet ) , thus creating the National Party .

The Weymouth Township School District is a public school district that serves students in pre - kindergarten through eighth grade from Weymouth Township , in Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States . As of the 2014 - 15 school year , the district and its one school had an enrollment of 284 students and 17.7 classroom teachers ( on an FTE basis ) , for a student – teacher ratio of 16.0:1 . The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group " B " , the second - lowest of eight groupings . District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts . From lowest socioeconomic status to highest , the categories are A , B , CD , DE , FG , GH , I and J. For ninth through twelfth grades , public school students attend Buena Regional High School as part of a sending / receiving relationship with the Buena Regional School District . Students attend the high school from Buena and Buena Vista Township , along with students from Estell Manor , who attend as part of a sending / receiving relationship . As of the 2014 - 15 school year , the high school had an enrollment of 153 students and 25.0 classroom teachers ( on an FTE basis ) , for a student – teacher ratio of 6.1:1 .

The Club of Four was an alliance of four European truck manufacturers : Saviem , Volvo , DAF , and Magirus - Deutz . Officially called the Société Européenne de Travaux et de Développement ( ETD ) , the team was based in Paris . Founded to develop a shared range of light trucks , its main success was a shared cab design . Cabs can be one of the most expensive parts of a truck to design and build ; the alliance allowed one cab design to be shared among four different truck manufacturers , allowing economies of scale . In 1978 , Saviem was merged with Berliet to create Renault Véhicules Industriels ( RVI ) , but the new company continued as a member of the Club . Magirus - Deutz became part of Iveco . The cab was used on a wide range of different trucks . It was even used on Mack trucks in the USA . It remained in production for almost a quarter of a century . Although initially intended for medium trucks it was also used on light trucks , even the 6-tonne Magirus 90M6FK .

Ruperto Cadava Kangleón ( March 27 , 1890 – February 27 , 1958 ) was a Filipino military figure and politician . He was a native of the municipality of Macrohon in the now named province of Southern Leyte . Kangleón was the acknowledged leader of the Resistance Movement in Leyte during the Japanese occupation of the Philippines during World War II . As such , his guerrilla forces helped pave the way for the American Leyte Landings on their return to the Philippines in 1944 . Before the war , Colonel Kangleon was replaced and re - joining the group of soldiers under the pre - war 92nd Infantry Division of the Philippine Army in the General Headquarters in Leyte during the Liberation . And after the war , Ruperto Kangleon served as the Philippine Secretary of National Defense under Presidents Manuel Roxas and Elpidio Quirino .

The United States Capitol , often called the Capitol Building , is the home of the United States Congress , and the seat of the legislative branch of the U.S. federal government . It is located on Capitol Hill at the eastern end of the National Mall in Washington , D.C. Though no longer at the geographic center of the Federal District , the Capitol forms the origin point for the District 's street - numbering system and the District 's four quadrants . The original building was completed in 1800 and was subsequently expanded , particularly with the addition of the massive dome , and expanded chambers for the bicameral legislature , the House of Representatives in the south wing and the Senate in the north wing . Like the principal buildings of the executive and judicial branches , the Capitol is built in a distinctive neoclassical style and has a white exterior . Both its east and west elevations are formally referred to as fronts , though only the east front was intended for the reception of visitors and dignitaries .

" Guilty " is a vocal duet between Barbra Streisand and Barry Gibb . The song was written by all three Bee Gees : Barry , Robin & Maurice Gibb . Released as a single from Streisand 's 1980 album of the same name . " Guilty " peaked at No . 3 on the US Billboard Hot 100 pop chart and No . 5 on the adult contemporary chart . In the UK , the song reached No . 34 on the UK Singles Chart . The single was certified gold by the RIAA . In addition , " Guilty " won a Grammy Award in the category Best Pop Vocal Performance , Duo or Group . The song also appeared on the 2001 Bee Gees compilation , . There is also a version by Tom Jones and Gladys Knight . It is also used in the film Madea 's Witness Protection .

Sakai returned to the public attention after 1993 , where she received recognition for her acting in Hitotsu Yane no Shita as Kashiwagi Koyuki . In 1995 , she acted in Hoshi no Kinka ( Heaven 's Coins ) as Aya Kuramoto , also singing the theme song which became her best selling album to date . By the end of 1998 she organized the Asian concert tours throughout Taiwan , mainland China , Singapore , South Korea , Malaysia , Indonesia , Thailand and other countries in the regions . In December 28 , 1998 , she suddenly held a reporter conference , announcing her marriage to . In January 2000 , after the birth of her son , Sakai made a comeback to showbiz , and gradually took on roles in movies , drama and advertising . Sakai 's popularity in Japan is not outstanding , but she has considerable supporters in Hong Kong , Taiwan and mainland China . In August 2009 , Sakai was arrested on suspicion of possession and abuse of drugs and sentenced to probation for three years . She divorced after the incident and temporarily stayed away from the media circle . After her probation ended , she began rehearsals for the theater , and signed on with Office Nigun Niiba , as a first step towards returning to the media committee .

Jagged Little Pill Acoustic is a studio album by Alanis Morissette . It is a largely acoustic retrospective version of her highly successful third album , Jagged Little Pill ( 1995 ) ; the songs are stripped - down versions of the originals , though producer Glen Ballard has augmented them with studio production effects to create an alternative pop album . The album was released by Maverick Records in the United States on June 13 , 2005 , available only at North American Starbucks outlets until July 26 , 2005 , when it was made available in other retail stores . This limited availability led to a dispute between Maverick Records and HMV Canada , who retaliated by removing from sale Morissette 's other albums for the duration of Starbucks ' exclusive month - long sale . The album 's single in the U.S. was " Hand in My Pocket " . The cover artwork is a sepia - toned tribute to the cover of the original Jagged Little Pill .

Dravidian architecture is an architectural idiom in Hindu temple architecture that emerged in the southern part of the Indian subcontinent or South India , reaching its final form by the sixteenth century . It consists primarily of Hindu temples where the dominating feature is the high gopura or gatehouse ; large temples have several . Mentioned as one of three styles of temple building in the ancient book Vastu shastra , the majority of the existing structures are located in the Southern Indian states of Andhra Pradesh , Karnataka , Kerala , Tamil Nadu and Telangana . Various kingdoms and empires such as the Cholas , the Chera , the Kakatiyas , the Pandyas , the Pallavas , the Gangas , the Rashtrakutas , the Chalukyas , the Hoysalas , and Vijayanagara Empire among others have made substantial contribution to the evolution of Dravidian architecture . This style of architecture can also be found in parts of North India ( Teli ka Mandir Gwalior , Bhitargaon Baitala Deula , Bhubaneshwar ) , Northeastern and central Sri Lanka .

The Gospel riots ( , Evangelika ) , which took place on the streets of Athens in November 1901 , were primarily a protest against the publication in the newspaper Akropolis of a translation into modern spoken Greek of the gospel of St Matthew , although other motives also played a part . The disorder reached a climax on 8 November , " Black Thursday " , when eight demonstrators were killed . In the aftermath of the violence the Greek Orthodox Church reacted by banning any translation of the Bible into any form of modern demotic Greek , and by forbidding the employment of demoticist teachers , not just in Greece but anywhere in the Ottoman Empire . The Riots marked a turning - point in the history of the Greek language question , and the beginning of a long period of bitter antagonism between the Orthodox Church and the demoticist movement .

Ugochuku Ehiogu (; 3 November 1972 – 21 April 2017 ) was an English professional footballer who played as a centre back from 1989 to 2009 . He was the coach of the Tottenham Hotspur U23 team until his death in April 2017 . He played in the Premier League with lengthy spells at Aston Villa and Middlesbrough . He also played in the Football League for West Bromwich Albion , Leeds United and Sheffield United , as well as a spell in the Scottish Premier League with Rangers . He won two Football League Cups , with Aston Villa in 1996 and then with Middlesbrough in 2004 . Ehiogu was an England international , with a record of 4 caps and 1 goal . In 1993 , playing for the England under-21 team , he became the first black player to captain an England team in a competitive match . In 2012 , he came out of brief retirement by signing for non - league side Wembley to participate in the club 's FA Cup games alongside other retired veteran players . Ehiogu died on 21 April 2017 after suffering a cardiac arrest at Tottenham Hotspur 's training ground .

Kissel or kisel ( , , , , , , , , , , kisél ' ) is a viscous fruit dish , popular as a dessert and as a drink . It consists of the sweetened juice of berries , like mors , but it is thickened with cornstarch , potato starch or arrowroot ; sometimes red wine or fresh or dried fruits are added . It is similar to the Danish rødgrød and German Rote Grütze . Swedish blåbärssoppa is a similarly prepared bilberry dessert . Kissel can be served either hot or cold , also together with sweetened quark or semolina pudding . Kissel can also be served on pancakes or with ice cream . If the kissel is made using less thickening starch , it can be drunk — this is common in Poland , Russia and Ukraine .

The A Shau Valley ( Vietnamese : thung lũng A Sầu ) is a valley in Vietnam 's Thừa Thiên - Huế Province , west of the coastal city of Huế , along the border of Laos . The valley runs north and south for 40 kilometers and is a 1.5- kilometer - wide flat bottomland covered with tall elephant grass , flanked by two densely forested mountain ridges whose summits vary in elevation from 900 to 1,800 meters . A Shau Valley was one of the key entry points into South Vietnam for men and material brought along the Ho Chi Minh trail by the North Vietnamese Army and was the scene of heavy fighting during the Vietnam War . The A Shau Valley is bisected lengthwise by Route 548 . The Ho Chi Minh Highway now runs along the valley floor .

Streptanthus bracteatus is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names bracted jewelflower and bracted twistflower . It is endemic to Texas in the United States . This annual or biennial herb has a branching stem up to 1.2 meters tall . It is hairless and generally waxy in texture . The basal leaves have lobed or toothed blades on long petioles , and the leaves higher on the stem have smooth or toothed edges . The inflorescence is a raceme of flowers and bracts . Each flower has a bell - shaped calyx of sepals and four purple petals which may be nearly 2 centimeters long . The fruit is a long , flattened silique up to 14.5 centimeters in length . This plant is native to the Balcones Escarpment on the Edwards Plateau in Texas . It grows on clay soils in several habitat types . It may be found in areas where it is protected from herbivory by a dense layer of shrubs .

Kakuouzan Nittai - ji ( Japanese:覚王山日泰寺 , Japan - Thailand Temple ) is a Buddhist temple located in the city of Nagoya , Aichi prefecture , Japan . Nittai - ji was built in 1904 in order to keep the ashes of Buddha , which the Kingdom of Thailand gave to Japan . ” 覚王 ” means Buddha and “ 日泰 ” means Japan and the Kingdom of Thailand in Japanese . Usually , each temple in Japan belongs to a religious sect . However , Nittai - ji does n’t belong to any religious sect . Every three years , 19 religious sects take their turn to dispatch a chief priest to Nittai - ji . Usually , the ambassador of the Kingdom of Thailand visits Nittai - ji on his birthday .

" Ale jestem " ( English translation : " But I Am " ) was the Polish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1997 , performed in Polish by Anna Maria Jopek . The song is a moderately up - tempo number , with Jopek singing about her realisation that life is there to be lived . She sings that she is a number of different things , including " A spark , a gasp of wind " and " A boat stray among the reefs " . The song was performed twelfth on the night ( following Germany 's Bianca Shomburg with " Zeit " and preceding Estonia 's Maarja - Liis Ilus with " Keelatud maa " ) . At the close of voting , it had received 54 points , placing 11th in a field of 25 . It was succeeded as Polish representative at the 1998 Contest by Sixteen with " To takie proste " .

Howard H. Stevenson ( June 27 , 1941 ) is the Sarofim - Rock Baker Foundation Professor Emeritus at Harvard University . Forbes magazine described him as Harvard Business School 's " lion of entrepreneurship " in a 2011 article . Howard is credited with defining entrepreneurship as “ the pursuit of opportunity beyond the resources you currently control . ” INC Magazine described Howard 's definition of entrepreneurship as " the best answer ever . " Stevenson is the author of eight books and 41 articles . His past roles at Harvard include chairman of Harvard Business Publishing , vice provost for resources and planning , and senior associate dean at HBS . He is often credited as being the most successful fundraiser in the history of Harvard University , raising over $ 600 million in philanthropic support for initiatives in business , science , healthcare , and student life . He graduated from Stanford University and Harvard Business School .

Marian Andrzej Dudziak ( born 2 February 1941 ) was a Polish sprinter who specialized in the 100 metres . He was born in Wielichowo and represented the clubs Orkan Poznań and Olimpia Poznań . At the 1964 Summer Olympics he won a silver medal in the 4 x 100 metres relay with teammates Andrzej Zieliński , Wiesław Maniak and Marian Foik . He also competed in the 100 metres event , reaching the quarter - final . He achieved his personal best time in the 100 metres in the same year ; 10.2 seconds with handtiming . He won an individual silver medal in 200 metres at the 1966 European Championships . At the 1967 European Indoor Games he finished fifth in the 50 metres race . He also competed in the relay final , but the team did not finish . At the 1968 European Indoor Games he won a silver medal in the medley relay , which he ran with Edmund Borowski , Waldemar Korycki and Andrzej Badeński . At the 1968 Summer Olympics he finished eighth in the 4 x 100 metres relay and reached the quarter - final in the 100 metres event . At the 1971 European Championships he won a silver medal in the 4 x 100 metres relay together with Gerard Gramse , Tadeusz Cuch and Zenon Nowosz . He became Polish 100 metres champion in 1968 and 200 metres champion in 1966 .

Güsten is a town in the district of Salzlandkreis , in Saxony - Anhalt , Germany . It is situated on the river Wipper , west of Bernburg . It is part of the Verbandsgemeinde ( " collective municipality " ) Saale - Wipper . Sons and daughters of the place Arno Philippsthal ( 1887 - 1933 ) , physician and one of the first Jewish victims of the National Socialist rule in Berlin Ernst - Otto Reher ( 1936 - 2016 ) , process engineer and professor , pioneer of technical rheology Fritz Siedentopf ( 1908 – 1944 ) , communist and resistance fighter against Nazism . Persons with regard to the place Julius Kraaz ( 1822 - 1889 ) , lawyer , sugar producer and member of the German Reichstag , died in Güsten

Breiavatnet is a small lake in the municipality of Stavanger in Rogaland county , Norway . The lake is very shallow , only a few feet deep . The lake gets its water from the Kannikbekken stream , which flows from the lake Mosvatnet and runs through the city ( the stream was put mostly underground in culverts and pipes in 1899 ) . A decorative fountain was installed in the middle of the lake in 1924 . The lake lies in the city centre of Stavanger , on the border of the boroughs of Storhaug and Eiganes og Våland . The Stavanger Cathedral , the City Park , and Stavanger Cathedral School lie on the northern shore of the lake . The Stavanger train station is located on the south shore of the lake . The lake is the home of various birds , such as swans , seagulls , ducks , and sparrows . There are scarcely any fish in the water , and the old story from the area says that only the principal of Stavanger Cathedral School is the only one with rights to go fishing in Breiavatnet ( although this is only a story ) .

Lake Capichigamau is a freshwater body of the southern part of the Eeyou Istchee James Bay ( municipality ) , in the region of Nord - du - Québec , in the province of Quebec , Canada . This lake is part of the Assinica Wildlife Sanctuary . This lake is part of the canton of Bellerive . Forestry is the main economic activity of the sector . Recreational tourism activities come second . The hydrographic slope of lake Capichigamau is accessible by a forest road ( North - South direction ) passing to the west of La Trève Lake and joining towards the South route 113 ( linking Lebel - sur - Quévillon to Chibougamau ) . The surface of Capichigamau Lake is usually frozen from early November to mid - May , however , safe ice circulation is generally from mid - November to mid - April .

Ralph Bass ( 1 May 1911 – 5 March 1997 ) , born Ralph Basso , Jr. , was an American rhythm - and - blues record producer and talent scout for several independent labels . He was a pioneer in bringing African - American music into the American mainstream . During his career he worked in key roles for Black & White Records , Savoy Records , King Records , Federal Records , and Chess Records , recording some of the greatest performers in African - American music , including Etta James , Sam Cooke , James Brown , Earl Bostic , and groups such as the Platters and the Dominoes . Bass was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1991 as a nonperformer .

Laufás - Edda ( Edda Magnúsar Ólafssonar ) is a famous 17th century redaction of the Snorra Edda , which survives in numerous Icelandic manuscripts . Laufás Edda was compiled by the Icelandic priest and poet Magnús Ólafsson ( c.1573 – 1636 ) on the request of the Icelandic scholar and antiquarian Arngrímur Jónsson . Magnús began his work at Auðkúla in 1607 after he had been dismissed from his office as parish minister , and completed his new redaction during the winter of 1608 - 09 . Magnús would later serve as the priest at Laufás parish in Northern Iceland and as a consequence his version of the Edda was falsely referred to as the Laufás Edda . The purpose of his efforts was to make a systematic and encyclopedic version of Snorri Sturluson 's Prose Edda . Laufás Edda is a rearranged redaction of the Snorra Edda . The myths in Gylfaginning are presented as a series of examples ( apologi or dæmisögur ) and the kennings of Skáldskaparmál are organized alphabetically . The last part , Háttatal , was not included . Due to its popularity , the Laufás redaction later became the basis for the first printed Edition of the Snorra Edda , Peder Hansen Resen 's Edda Islandorum . Resen 's edition was accompanied by a Danish and Latin translation . The Laufás Edda , especially through Resen 's edition , became a convenient and popular work of reference for poets and antiquarians , serving as an encyclopedia for researching both myth and poetic language .

Yaquina Head ( ) is a headland extending into the Pacific Ocean north of Newport , in the U.S. state of Oregon . It is the site of the Yaquina Head Light , and is managed as Yaquina Head Outstanding Natural Area by the Bureau of Land Management . It is part of the National Landscape Conservation System , commonly known as the National Conservation Lands . The United States Congress named the headland an Outstanding Natural Area in 1980 . The area 's average elevation is above sea level . The headland is along U.S. Route 101 , and is about west of Corvallis . Possible activities include hiking the area 's five trails , each shorter than , near the ocean or through forests of Douglas fir and Sitka spruce . Other attractions include whale - watching , bird - watching , visiting the site 's interpretive center , and touring the lighthouse .

The Voice of Frank Sinatra is the first studio album by American singer Frank Sinatra , released on Columbia Records , catalogue C-112 , March 4 , 1946 . It was first issued as a set of four 78 rpm records totaling eight songs , the individual discs having been previously released as singles , consisting of catalog # s 36762 , 36919 , 36921 , and 37089 . The album went to # 1 on the fledgling Billboard chart . It stayed at the top for seven weeks in 1946 , spending a total of eighteen weeks on the charts . The album chart consisted of just a Top Five until August 1948 . The cover depicted to the right is that of the original 78 rpm release cover , also used on the compact disc reissue .

Kick Ass : Music from the Motion Picture is the soundtrack to the film of the same name . It was released in the United Kingdom on 29 March 2010 , and in the United States on iTunes on 30 March 2010 . The title song is sung by Mika , co - written by Jodi Marr and produced by RedOne . The video for the single shows Mika as a helpless individual left in an alleyway after being mugged . He begins to sing and as he does , the words of empowerment in the lyrics and his finding of an issue of the Kick - Ass comic inspire him to run for the rooftops and wail the chorus to the sky . The video also features intercut scenes from the film . The song " Stand Up " by The Prodigy is featured in both the teaser trailer and the red band trailer . A song featured in the film , but not on the soundtrack is " Crazy " , by Gnarls Barkley . This song is played in the Mistmobile while Kick - Ass and Red Mist cruise around town together . Also , the version of " Bad Reputation " used in the film was by Joan Jett but the version on the soundtrack is by a band called " The Hit Girls " . The song " Hey Little World " by The Hives , which played in the theatrical trailers was also not included .

Svetlana Yakovlevna Jitomirskaya ( born June 4 , 1966 ) is a Soviet - American mathematician working on dynamical systems and mathematical physics . Jitomirskaya was born in Kharkiv . Both her mother , Valentina Borok , and her father Yakov Zhitomirskii were professors of mathematics . Her undergraduate studies were at Moscow State University , where she was a student of , among others , Vladimir Arnold and Yakov Sinai . She obtained her Ph.D. from Moscow State University in 1991 under the supervision of Yakov Sinai . She joined the mathematics department at the University of California , Irvine in 1991 as a lecturer , and became an assistant professor there in 1994 and a full professor in 2000 . She is best known for solving the ten martini problem along with mathematician Artur Avila .

Manjil Virinja Pookkal ( ) is a 1980 Indian Malayalam - language musical romantic thriller film produced by Navodaya Appachan , written and directed by Fazil . It stars Shankar , Poornima Jayaram , Mohanlal . The original soundtrack was composed by Jerry Amaldev and cinematography was done by Ashok Kumar . Prem Kishan ( Shankar ) comes to Kodaikanal , where he falls in love with a girl , Prabha ( Poornima ) . But later it is revealed to Kishan that Prabha was already married to Narendran ( Mohanlal ) , a sadistic youngster . Their relationship gets into trouble when Narendran finds out about their affair . The film marked several debutsdirectorial debut of Fazil , onscreen debut of Mohanlal who would later become one of the biggest superstars of Indian Cinema and Poornima , Shankar 's debut in Malayalam cinema , and Amaldev as music director . Manjil Virinja Pookkal released in theatres on 25 December 1980 on Christmas Day . The film was shot mainly in and around Kodaikanal , Tamil Nadu . Made on a cost of 7 lakh , the film grossed 98 lakh at the box office . It was one of the highest - grossing Malayalam films of the year and was a major landmark in the career of Fazil . Manjil Virinja Pookkal received six Kerala State Film Awards , including the Best Film with Popular Appeal and Aesthetic Value .

Dianne Jackson ( July 28 , 1941 – December 31 , 1992 ) was an English animation director , best known for The Snowman , made in 1982 and subsequently repeated every Christmas on Channel 4 in the United Kingdom . She had a long career as an animator , and her earliest credit was for The Beatles ' Yellow Submarine in 1968 . She is particularly noted for recreating the style of the original artists in her animations , for example of Raymond Briggs 's picture book , The Snowman . She also directed Granpa by John Burningham in 1989 and was due to direct Raymond Briggs ' Father Christmas in 1991 , having completed storyboarding for the film , although due to her illness this was directed by Dave Unwin . She also planned the first series of animated adaptations of the tales of Beatrix Potter as The World of Peter Rabbit and Friends . However , she died of cancer on New Year 's Eve 1992 at the age of 51 . The series episode The Tailor of Gloucester is dedicated to her memory .

Hadsund Municipality was a municipality ( Danish , kommune ) in North Jutland County on the Jutland peninsula in northern Denmark until January 1 , 2007 . The municipality covered an area of 170.28   km² , and had a total population of 10,914 ( 2004 ) . Its last mayor was Karl Christensen , a member of the Social Democrats ( Socialdemokraterne ) political party . The largest city and the site of its municipal council was the town of Hadsund . On January 1 , 2007 Hadsund Municipality ceased to exist as the result of Kommunalreformen ( " The Municipality Reform " of 2007 ) . It was merged with former Arden and Hobro municipalities , and parts of Mariager , Aalestrup and Nørager municipalities to form the new Mariagerfjord Municipality . This created a municipality with an area of 723.63   km² and a total population of 43,049 ( 2005 ) . The new municipality belongs to the Region Nordjylland ( " North Jutland Region " ) .

René - Lévesque is a provincial electoral district in the Côte - Nord region of Quebec , Canada , which elects members to the National Assembly of Quebec . It includes the Manicouagan Regional County Municipality and La Haute - Côte - Nord Regional County Municipality , as well as the cities of Baie - Comeau and Forestville . It was created for the 1948 election under the name Saguenay from part of the former Charlevoix - Saguenay electoral district . The predecessor to Charlevoix - Saguenay ( before 1912 ) was Chicoutimi - Saguenay . Despite its former name , the district has not included the Saguenay – Lac - Saint - Jean region since at least the 1994 election . It was renamed René - Lévesque for the 2003 election , after former Quebec Premier René Lévesque , although its territory was unchanged . It remained unchanged after the change from the 2001 to the 2011 electoral map .

Uri Avnery ( , also transliterated Uri Avneri ; 10 September 1923 – 20 August 2018 ) was an Israeli writer , politician , and founder of the Gush peace movement . A member of the Irgun as a teenager , Avnery sat for two terms in the Knesset from 1965 to 1974 and from 1979 to 1981 . He was also the owner of the news magazine HaOlam HaZeh from 1950 until it closed in 1993 . He became famous for crossing the lines during the Siege of Beirut to meet Yassir Arafat on 3 July 1982 , the first time the Palestinian leader ever met with an Israeli . Avnery was the author of several books about the Israeli – Palestinian conflict , including 1948 : A Soldier 's Tale , the Bloody Road to Jerusalem ( 2008 ) ; Israel 's Vicious Circle ( 2008 ) ; and My Friend , the Enemy ( 1986 ) .

Maude Hirst is a British actress mostly known for her role as Helga on The History Channel TV show Vikings between 2013 and 2017 . Hirst studied drama arts at the renowned London school Italia Conti Academy of Theatre Arts . Maude Hirst is the elder daughter of the producer and writer Michael Hirst , known for the films Elizabeth ( 1998 ) and its sequel ( 2007 ) and most recently for the TV shows The Tudors ( 2007 – 2010 ) and Vikings ( 2013-present ) . Prior to Vikings , Maude Hirst also appeared on the British television series The Tudors in the role of Kat Ashley between 2008 and 2010 , and in the films Nuryan ( 2009 ) and Cash and Curry ( 2008 ) .

The Ventadour Lake is a freshwater body of the southeastern portion of the Eeyou Istchee James Bay ( municipality ) , in Jamésie , in the administrative region of Nord - du - Québec , in the province of Quebec , in Canada . This body of water extends in the townships of Ventadour and Feuquières . Forestry is the main economic activity of the sector . Recreational tourism activities come second . The hydrographic slope of Lake Ventadour is accessible via the forest road R1032 ( North - South direction ) which passes on the west side of lakes Gabriel and Ventadour ; in addition , this road crosses the Ventadour River south of Ventadour Lake to merge south on route 212 which passes on the south side of the Ventadour River , connecting Obedjiwan to La Tuque . The surface of Ventadour Lake is usually frozen from early November to mid - May , however , safe ice circulation is generally from mid - November to mid - April .

" Bože pravde " (; ; God of Justice ) is the national anthem of Serbia , as defined by the Article 7 of the Constitution of Serbia . " Bože pravde " was the state anthem of the Principality of Serbia and the Kingdom of Serbia until 1918 when Serbia became a part of the Kingdom of Serbs , Croats and Slovenes which was formed that year . It was recommended by the regional Parliament of Serbia on August 17 , 2004 and constitutionally adopted on November 8 , 2006 , after Serbia became a sovereign state again . The recommended text was made Law on May 11 , 2009 . The original song was written in 1872 with music by Davorin Jenko and lyrics by Jovan Đorđević . It was then a piece for the theater play Marko kazuje na kome je carstvo ( Marko names the Emperor ) , and its immense popularity with audiences prompted its adoption as the Serbian national anthem .

Ulver ( Norwegian for wolves ) are a Norwegian experimental musical collective founded in 1993 , by vocalist Kristoffer Rygg . Their early works , such as debut album Bergtatt , were categorised as folklore - influenced black metal , but the band has since evolved a fluid and increasingly eclectic musical style , blending genres such as rock , electronica , symphonic and chamber traditions , noise , progressive and experimental music into their oeuvre . 1997 marked their international debut with the release of their third album Nattens madrigal through German label Century Media . However , following discord with the label , Kristoffer Rygg formed his own imprint , Jester Records , in 1998 . British composer and multi - instrumentalist Daniel O'Sullivan joined the collective in 2009 , and the band performed some of their first live concerts in their 15-year lifespan , including the prestigious Norwegian National Opera . Ulver have sold in excess of half a million records , been twice nominated for the Norwegian Grammy Awards , Spellemannsprisen , in different categories , won Album of the Year at the Oslo Awards for Shadows of the Sun in 2008 , won the NATT&DAG ; award for Best Live Act in 2011 , and earned a global reputation for stylistic unpredictability . Harmony Korine , the controversial director of films like Gummo , commented : " There 's a real lineage from a composer like Wagner to a band like Ulver . " Author and musician Julian Cope has said , " Ulver are cataloguing the death of our culture two decades before anyone else has noticed its inevitable demise . "

Arabella Mansfield ( May 23 , 1846 – August 1 , 1911 ) , born Belle Aurelia Babb , became the first female lawyer in the United States in 1869 , admitted to the Iowa bar ; she made her career as a college educator and administrator . Despite an Iowa state law restricting the bar exam to males , Mansfield had taken it and earned high scores . Shortly after her court challenge , Iowa amended its licensing statute and became the first state to accept women and minorities into its bar . During her career , Mansfield worked primarily as an educator and activist , teaching at Iowa Wesleyan College and DePauw University . At the latter , she also became a university administrator , serving successively as dean in the 1890s of two different schools .

Karlheinz Martin ( May 6 , 1886 – January 13 , 1948 ) was a German stage and film director , best known for his expressionist productions . After enjoying success with experimental productions in Frankfurt am Main and Hamburg , Martin went to Berlin , where he premiered Ernst Toller 's anti - war drama , Transfiguration ( Die Wandlung ) on September 30 , 1919 . Performed in a hall seating fewer than 300 spectators , the production used the intimacy of the space to drive home the horrors of Toller 's script . The sets were jagged flats placed against blackness , and lit with harsh white spotlights . Scenes ended in blackouts not , as was customary at the time , with the curtain falling . Fritz Kortner became famous for his intense portrayal of the young hero . Martin turned to film in 1920 , when he directed a cinematic adaptation of one of the most celebrated expressionist dramas , Georg Kaiser 's From Morn to Midnight ( Von morgens bis mitternachts ) with actor Ernst Deutsch as the Cashier who embezzles money from a bank and goes on a desperate search for meaning in his life in a nightmarish metropolis . After World War II , Martin revived Bertolt Brecht 's The Threepenny Opera in Berlin , and premiered Georg Kaiser 's pacifist drama , The Soldier Tanaka ( Der Soldat Tanaka ) .

Milo II of Montlhéry ( died 1118 ) was lord of Bray and Montlhéry , and viscount of Troyes . He was the son of Milo I the Great and Lithuise , and younger brother of Guy III of Montlhéry . He initially held the lordship of Bray - sur - Seine , in Champagne . In 1105 , he attacked his brother 's castle of Montlhéry , where his cousin Lucienne de Rochefort , fiancée of Louis VI of France , lived . He invested the castle , but could not succeed in capturing the donjon . Louis VI soon arrived to relieve the siege , and Milo was obliged to retire . On the death of his brother , both he and his cousin Hugh of Crecy asserted their rights to the lordship . Louis VI allotted it to Milo , who in 1113 revolted against him with Thibaut IV of Blois . He married Adela of Blois , daughter of the crusader Stephen , Count of Blois and his widowed countess , Adela of Normandy . This marriage was the result of a treaty negotiated by countess Adela . Milo was to support Adela against King Louis , and in return , he would marry Adela . Due to this connection , Milo was made viscount of Troyes . However , they divorced in 1115 . In 1118 Hugh of Crecy took revenge for his loss of Montlhéry by having Milo assassinated ; Louis VI then made Montlhéry part of the royal domain of France .

Stuttgart I is one of the 299 single member constituencies used for the German parliament , the Bundestag . One of two districts covering the city of Stuttgart , it covers four of the city 's five inner districts as well as seven of the twenty three outer districts . The constituency was created for the 1949 election , the first election in West Germany after World War II . For most of the period until the 1980 election , the constituency was held by the Social Democratic Party of Germany ( SPD ) . Since 1980 , with the exception of an SPD gain at the 2002 election , the constituency has been held by the Christian Democratic Union ( CDU ) . In 2009 the Greens finished 4.5 % behind . The closest they came to winning a second constituency seat ( in addition to the Berlin Friedrichshain - Kreuzberg – Prenzlauer Berg East seat that they hold . ) The current MP is Stefan Kaufmann .

Jim Varsos ( born 1952 in Indiana ) , better known as Hobo Jim , is an American folk singer - songwriter . He is one of the most popular guitar players in Alaska , playing frequently at small venues across the state . In 1994 , Hobo Jim was named Alaska 's official balladeer . Varsos was raised in Madison , Wisconsin , where he began playing the guitar at the age of 12 . He hitchhiked to Nashville after some time in college , hoping to make it as a country musician . After spending time hitchhiking and freight riding around the United States , he made his way to Alaska , where he stayed . His songs are primarily regional and occupational songs , focusing on Alaska 's commercial fishermen , loggers , and miners . Perhaps the best known of these songs commemorates the Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race . As of 1989 , Varsos lived part - time in Nashville , where he worked with publisher Pat Higdon , singer Russell Smith , and writer Rory Bourke , among others . His song " The Rock " , which he co - wrote with Smith , has been recorded by Etta James and George Jones ; he also co - wrote the Janis Ian song " Empty " . Varsos is a collector of Alaska Native artifacts .

Hülya Şahin , aka Julia " Sunshine " Sahin , ( born February 23 , 1974 in Siegen , West Germany ) is a Turkish professional female boxer with German passport . She is a former world champion in kickboxing and was world champion in amateur boxing as well . As of September 1 , 2007 , she is the undefeated WIBF world junior flyweight ( 48   kg ) champion . The 1.60 m ( 5   ft 3 in ) tall sportswoman lives in Cologne , Germany . Hülya is an educated locksmith , working currently for the in the maintenance of ticket machines in trams . At her age of 19 , she began kickboxing inspired by her brother , who is a kickboxer . Hülya became quickly world champion as an amateur and later once again world champion , this time as a professional . However , she had to quit kickboxing due to a serious injury at her leg . Her mother raised heavy objections soon after she started to perform boxing , and she tried hard to convince her parents . They accepted her choice as she began to gain success again by earning titles like four times the Turkish champion , twice the European champion and finally the world champion Since 2004 , she is boxing professionally and is the only female member of the boxing sports club Universum Box - Promotion in Hamburg . She is coached by Michael Timm .

Wendy Boase ( 14 October 1944 – 15 March 1999 ) born in Melbourne , Australia , she was one of the co - founders of the children 's publishing company Walker Books . She held the position of editorial director of Walker Books until her death in 1999 from cancer . After her death Julia Eccleshare ( Children 's Book Editor of the Guardian newspaper and chairman of the Nestlé Smarties Book Prize ) and Anne Marley ( Head of Children ’s , Youth & Schools Services for Hampshire Library & Information Service ) decided to create an annual award named the Branford Boase Award in commemoration of both Wendy Boase and her colleague Henrietta Branford who also died of cancer the same year . Wendy Boase helped Henrietta Branford to write the novel Fire , Bed , and Bone which won the Guardian Children 's Fiction Prize .

Harz is an unincorporated area in the German district of Goslar . The uninhabited area is located in the Upper Harz ( Lower Saxony ) . With a size of 371.76 km² ( 31 December 2006 ) , it is the largest unincorporated area in Germany . Although there are no residents reported , it carries administrative reasons , the Community Identification Number is 03 1 53 504 . The area extends over large parts of the Upper Harz , from Seesen / Langelsheim in the northwest to Hohegeiß in the south of the district of Goslar . The unincorporated area Harz in the district of Goslar has many enclaves : Thus , the districts Wildemann and Altenau - Schulenberg in the Upper Harz of the mountain and university town Clausthal - Zellerfeld , the Braunlage district of Sankt Andreasberg and other settlements ( mostly restaurants ) are completely included . The administration of the community - free area is incumbent on the Lower Saxony Forestry Office Clausthal , which also takes from some quarries business taxes and in cases of civil status the corresponding certificate ( birth certificate , death certificate ) issues . It also provides security and order .

Yvette Denise Lee Bowser ( born June 9 , 1965 ) is an American television writer and producer . She is perhaps best known for writing and producing Half & Half , Living Single , and A Different World . With Living Single , she became the first African - American woman to develop her own prime - time series . While still working as Yvette Denise Lee , Bowser started on A Different World in 1987 as one of a number of apprentices , rising in prominence in the production company over the years and eventually becoming producer by the 1991 - 92 season . She left that show to take a position with Hangin ' with Mr. Cooper . Bowser created her own company , Sister Lee Productions , which produced or co - produced her later shows , Living Single and Half & Half . She has said in various interviews that she draws many of her characters and plots from personal experiences : " I just basically rip pages out of my diary to tell stories on TV . " In the case of Half & Half , for example , the writer based the characters Mona and Dee - Dee on herself and an older half - sister , and plot ideas came from her experience as the youngest child in a blended family .

The Great Bear Lake (; Slavey : Sahtú ; ) is the largest lake entirely in Canada ( Lake Superior and Lake Huron straddling the Canada – US border are larger ) , the fourth - largest in North America , and the eighth - largest in the world . The lake is in the Northwest Territories , on the Arctic Circle between 65 and 67 degrees of northern latitude and between 118 and 123 degrees western longitude , above sea level . The name originated from the Dënesųłiné word satudene , meaning " grizzly bear water people . " The Sahtu Dene people are named after the lake . Grizzly Bear Mountain on the shore of the lake also comes from Denesuline , meaning , " bear large hill . " The Sahoyue ( Grizzly Bear Mountain ) peninsula on the south side of the lake and the Edacho ( Scented Grass Hills ) peninsula on the west side form the Saoyú-ʔehdacho National Historic Site of Canada .

Brasiguaio ( Portuguese ) or brasiguayo ( Spanish ) is a term referring to Brazilian migrants in Paraguay and their descendants . The word Brasiguaio has been used by members within and outside this group to categorize individuals whose lives are connected with both Brazil and Paraguay , and more specifically to refer to Brazilians who live or have lived in Paraguay . They typically live in the Southeastern Paraguayan departments of Canindeyú and Alto Paraná , which border with Brazil . Most emigrated from Brazil by the 1960s . They are often accused of imposing on the culture , language and currency of Paraguay . In total they make up 455,000 Brasiguaios , or about one - tenth of Paraguay 's population . In some border zones , Brasiguayos and their descendants are more than 90 % of the population , where Portuguese is still spoken as the mother tongue . In San Alberto de Mbaracayú city , approximately 80 % of its 23,000 inhabitants are of Brazilian ancestry . The origins of Brasiguayos are from the three states of the South Region of Brazil , Paraná , Santa Catarina , and Rio Grande do Sul . Most Brasiguayos are mainly ethically White of German , Italian , and Polish descent .

Nikolina Konstantinova Dobreva ( born January 9 , 1989 ) , known professionally as Nina Dobrev ( ) , is a Canadian actress . Her first acting role was as Mia Jones in the drama series . She later became known for portraying Elena Gilbert and Katherine Pierce on The CW 's supernatural drama series The Vampire Diaries . Dobrev has also appeared in several feature films , including the 2012 coming - of - age drama The Perks of Being a Wallflower , the 2014 action comedy Let 's Be Cops , the 2015 horror comedy The Final Girls , the 2017 action thriller , and the 2017 science fiction drama Flatliners . Born in Bulgaria , her family emigrated to Canada when she was two years old , and Dobrev grew up in Toronto . She studied Sociology at Ryerson University , but left early to pursue her acting career . Dobrev currently lives in Los Angeles .

" Down by the Water " is a song by English alternative rock musician PJ Harvey . It is the seventh track and the lead single from her third studio album To Bring You My Love , released in February 1995 on Island Records . The song was written by Harvey , and self - produced with Flood and John Parish . The song diverged significantly from Harvey 's former indie rock and punk blues influence , opting to use electronic instruments such as a synthesized organ and an orchestral ensemble . The lyrics narrate the story of a woman drowning her daughter and reference the traditional American folk song " Salty Dog Blues " . " Down by the Water " was Harvey 's mainstream breakthrough in the United States , where the song reached number 2 on Billboards Modern Rock Tracks chart and received extensive rotation on MTV and college radio stations . The song received critical acclaim upon its release , charting in Canada , Ireland , the United Kingdom and the United States .

Hyrule Warriors is a hack and slash action video game developed by Omega Force and Team Ninja for the Wii U video game console . Hyrule Warriors was released in Japan in August 2014 , and internationally the following month . The game is a collaboration between Koei Tecmo and Nintendo , and is part of both Nintendo 's The Legend of Zelda and Koei Tecmo 's Dynasty Warriors series . It is one of the best - selling games on the Wii U. An updated port for the Nintendo 3DS , titled Hyrule Warriors Legends , was released in Japan in January 2016 and worldwide in March 2016 . An enhanced port for Nintendo Switch , Hyrule Warriors : Definitive Edition was released in Japan in March 2018 and worldwide in May 2018 .

Angélique Paulet ( 1592 – 1651 ) was a French précieuse , singer and lute - playing musician , one of the habitués of the famous literary salon of Catherine de Vivonne , marquise de Rambouillet , where she was called La Lionne rousse and La belle Lionne because of her red hair and proud poise . She often performed at the assemblies of the Chambre bleue by singing and playing the lute . She was the daughter of the financier , one of king Henry IV of France 's secretaries . According to Gédéon Tallemant des Réaux , Henry IV was assassinated while on his way to visit her . The musical instrument angélique , which first appeared in Paris in the 17th century , may have been named after her .

The Peace Arch Border Crossing connects the towns of Blaine , Washington and Surrey , British Columbia on the Canada – United States border . The crossing is reached by Interstate 5 on the American side and by British Columbia Highway 99 on the Canadian side . It serves the most direct route between the major cities of Seattle , Washington and Vancouver , British Columbia , and the crossing is the third - busiest on the border with up to 4,800 cars a day . Wait times can be up to four hours ; traffic lights exist on the southbound lane , with timers showing when the light will turn green so drivers can turn off engines , visit the park , and use public restrooms . Between the two border stations sits the Peace Arch Park , where visitors are free to cross the border within the confines of the park . Border inspection services at this crossing long predated the 1921 construction of the Peace Arch . The Canada border station is known as " Douglas " , although it has been known over the years as " White Rock " and " Surrey " . The US border station is known as " Blaine - Peace Arch " . The crossing is less than a mile west of the Pacific Highway Border Crossing ; trucks and other commercial vehicles have been prohibited from using the Peace Arch crossing since the 1970s , in an effort to improve the visitation experience of the park .

The Doğu Çalışma Grubu ( DÇG ; ) was an alleged group within the Turkish military said to be linked to the Ergenekon organization , and possibly organised within the Turkish Gendarmerie 's JITEM . According to former PKK commander Şemdin Sakık , the group was formed in 1993 and carried out a number of assassinations in preparation for the 1993 alleged Turkish military coup . According to Sakık , these assassinations included ( in 1993 ) President Turgut Özal , former Major Cem Ersever , former Turkish Gendarmerie general commander Eşref Bitlis and General Bahtiyar Aydın . Turgut Özal died in office on 17 April 1993 in suspicious circumstances , and a month later the May 24 , 1993 PKK ambush took place , breaking the peace process which Özal had led . Sakık maintains the attack was part of the DÇG 's coup plans . Sakık also ascribes the death of Colonel Rıdvan Özden ( 1995 ) to the DÇG .

Ronny Turiaf ( born January 13 , 1983 ) is a French retired professional basketball player who played 10 seasons in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . Turiaf grew up in Martinique then attended high school in Paris and college at Gonzaga University in the United States . At Gonzaga , Turiaf played for the Bulldogs basketball team and was the leading West Coast Conference scorer in his senior year . After graduating from Gonzaga , Turiaf entered the 2005 NBA draft and was picked by the Los Angeles Lakers . He later played for the Golden State Warriors , New York Knicks , Washington Wizards , Miami Heat , Los Angeles Clippers and Minnesota Timberwolves . Turiaf appeared in a total of 520 games over his NBA career and won his only NBA championship in 2012 with the Miami Heat . He was also a member of the French national team , earning 100 caps for his country .

Frederick William Anderson ( September 28 , 1883 – April 28 , 1955 ) was a civil engineer , rancher and political figure in British Columbia . He represented Kamloops in the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia from 1916 to 1924 as a Liberal . He was born in Ottawa , Ontario , the son of William Anderson , and was educated in Ottawa and at McGill University . After working on a number of large construction projects across Canada , Anderson moved to Kamloops , British Columbia , where he operated a farm and raised livestock . He married Marion Claire , the daughter of Gordon Edward Corbould . Anderson served as government whip in the assembly . He was a lieutenant in the Canadian Engineers of the Canadian Expeditionary Force . Anderson died in Vancouver at the age of 71 .

The London Borough of Bexley is a London borough in south - east London , England . It has common borders with the London Borough of Bromley to the south , the Royal Borough of Greenwich to the west , across the River Thames to the north it borders the London Borough of Havering , the London Borough of Barking and Dagenham and there is a small boundary with the unitary authority of Thurrock in Essex to the north - east . There is a border with Dartford borough to the east and Sevenoaks district to the south - east , both being in the ceremonial county of Kent . The London Borough of Bexley is within the Thames Gateway , an area designated as a national priority for urban regeneration . The local authority is Bexley London Borough Council .

The Magic Whip is the eighth studio album by English rock band Blur . It was recorded in Hong Kong and London , and released by Parlophone on 27 April 2015 and Warner Bros. Records on 28 April 2015 . It is the band 's first studio album since Think Tank ( 2003 ) , marking the longest gap between studio albums in Blur 's career . The album received acclaim from music critics . It debuted at number one the UK Albums Chart , marking Blur 's sixth UK number - one album . It has been certified Gold by the British Phonographic Industry ( BPI ) for sales of over 100,000 copies . Also , it is the first album by the band in North America under Warner Bros. , after Blur were transferred from Virgin Records in 2013 , following the purchase of EMI and its assets by the Universal Music Group in 2012 .

The Karangahake Gorge lies between the Coromandel and Kaimai ranges , at the southern end of the Coromandel Peninsula in New Zealand 's North Island . A sharply winding canyon , it was formed by the Ohinemuri River . State Highway 2 passes through this gorge between the towns of Paeroa , Waikino and Waihi . This road is the main link between the Waikato region and the Bay of Plenty . The East Coast Main Trunk Railway used to run through the gorge until it was bypassed by the Kaimai Deviation - and the Karangahake Gorge section is now a combined walkway and cycleway , part of the Hauraki Rail Trail . There are also several walks and tracks starting at the Karangahake Reserve car park and picnic area ; ranging from 30 minutes to over 2 hours .

William Paul " Bill " Cole III ( born May 16 , 1956 ) is an American businessman , politician and a former Republican member of the West Virginia Senate , representing the 6th district from 2013 to 2017 . He was the President of the Senate ( and thus first in line to the governorship ) from 2015 to 2017 . Cole also served in the West Virginia House of Delegates from May 28 , 2010 , to January 12 , 2011 , to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Delegate John Shott . Cole was the Republican nominee for West Virginia Governor in 2016 , choosing to run for the office rather than run for re - election to the state senate . He lost the election to Jim Justice and was succeeded by Mitch Carmichael as Senate President .

The Battle of Talas , Battle of Talas River , or Battle of Artlakh (; ) was a military engagement between the Arab Abbasid Caliphate along with their ally the Tibetan Empire against the Chinese Tang dynasty , governed at the time by Emperor Xuanzong . In July 751 CE , Tang and Abbasid forces met in the valley of the Talas River to vie for control over the Syr Darya region of central Asia . After several days of stalemate , the Karluks originally allied to the Tang defected to the Abbasids and tipped over the balance of power , resulting in a Tang rout . The defeat marked the end of Tang westward expansion and resulted in Muslim control of Transoxiana for the next 400 years . Control of this region was economically beneficial for the Abbasids because it was on the Silk Road . Historians debate whether or not Chinese prisoners captured in the aftermath of the battle brought paper - making technology to the Middle East , where it eventually spread to Europe .

Mark Hollis is the only solo album by the former Talk Talk frontman Mark Hollis . It was released on Polydor Records on 26 January 1998 , then reissued on Pond Life on 13 March 2000 . In 2003 , the album was released in LP format on Universal Records . Its sound is noted for being extremely sparse and minimal ; AllMusic called it " quite possibly the most quiet and intimate record ever made " . Hollis found inspiration not in the popular music of the day , but rather in 20th - century classical music and jazz from the late fifties and sixties . The album did not mark a return for Hollis to the music industry or live performance : he stated at the time of the album 's release that " There wo n't be any gig , not even at home in the living room . This material is n't suited to play live . " The album was recorded as part of a two - album contract with Polydor , along with Talk Talk 's 1991 Laughing Stock . At one point , the record was to be entitled Mountains of the Moon before it was decided to be self - titled ( an early promotional cassette of the album features the original title ) . Engineer Phill Brown , who also recorded Laughing Stock , stated that , compared to the final Talk Talk album , which he considered " one of [ his ] best projects " but " dark and claustrophobic " , he found the solo release " the opposite … - open , restful and at times fantastically beautiful " . On 11 October 2011 , Ba Da Bing Records released Mark Hollis on vinyl . This marks the first time that the album has been issued on vinyl in the US .

The Sardinia Radio Telescope ( SRT ) is a large , fully steerable radio telescope completed in 2011 , near San Basilio , province of Cagliari in Sardinia , Italy . It is a collaboration among the Istituto di Radioastronomia di Bologna , the Cagliari Observatory ( Cagliari ) and the Arcetri Astrophysical Observatory ( Florence ) . The main technical points are : A 64-meter primary mirror with a 7.9 meter secondary ; A Gregorian configuration with shaped surfaces An active surface : Primary mirror adjustable with 1116 actuators ; 0.3–115   GHz continuous frequency coverage Three main focal points : Primary , Gregorian , and Beam Wave Guide Primary surface accuracy : ≈150 μm RMS Maximum antenna efficiency : ≈60 % Pointing accuracy ( RMS ) : 2–5 arcsec

Friedrich Trendelenburg ( 24 May 1844 – 15 December 1924 ) was a German surgeon . He was son of the philosopher Friedrich Adolf Trendelenburg , father of the pharmacologist Paul Trendelenburg and grandfather of the pharmacologist Ullrich Georg Trendelenburg . Trendelenburg was born in Berlin and studied medicine at the University of Glasgow and the University of Edinburgh . He completed his studies at the Charité - Universitätsmedizin Berlin under Bernhard von Langenbeck , receiving his doctorate in 1866 . He practiced medicine at the University of Rostock and the University of Bonn . In 1895 he became surgeon - in - chief at the University of Leipzig . Trendelenburg was interested in the history of surgery . He founded the German Surgical Society in 1872 . Trendelenburg was also interested in the surgical removal of pulmonary emboli . His student , Martin Kirschner , performed the first successful pulmonary embolectomy in 1924 , shortly before Trendelenburg 's death . He died in 1924 of cancer of the mandible , aged 80 .

Odilon Marc Lannelongue ( 4 December 1840 – 22 December 1911 ) was a French surgeon who was a native of Castéra - Verduzan . In 1867 he earned his medical doctorate at Paris , where he was a student of Charles - Pierre Denonvilliers ( 1808–1872 ) and Auguste Nélaton ( 1807–1873 ) . In 1883 he became a professor at the Faculté de Médecine de Paris , and in 1895 became a member of the Academy of Sciences . Later in life he became interested in politics , being chosen as senator from the department of Gers in 1906 . Lannelongue is remembered for his work involving bone diseases , especially osteomyelitis and bone tuberculosis . In 1892 he performed the first craniectomy for craniosynostosis , an operation that involved correction of a sagittal synostosis . He is also credited for introducing a method of treatment for synovial tuberculosis through the use of chloride of zinc injections . In 1911 he founded the Médaille internationale de chirurgie ( Foundation Lannelongue ) in memory of his wife , Marie Lannelongue ( née Cibiel ) , who served as a nurse during the Franco - Prussian War . This award is issued every five years by the Académie nationale de chirurgie ( National Academy of Surgery ) . During his medical career , Lannelongue had several famous persons as patients , such as Léon Gambetta , Sarah Bernhardt and Félix Faure .

Michael Ernest O'Nan ( August 9 , 1943 , Fort Knox , Kentucky – July 31 , 2017 , Princeton , New Jersey ) was an American mathematician , specializing in group theory . O'Nan received his PhD in 1970 from Princeton University under Daniel Gorenstein with thesis A Characterization of the Three - Dimensional Projective Unitary Group over a Finite Field . He was a professor at Rutgers University . In 1976 he found strong evidence for the existence of a sporadic group , which Charles Sims constructed . The group is now named the O'Nan group after O'Nan . The O'Nan – Scott theorem in group theory is also named after O'Nan , who discovered it independently from Leonard Scott . It describes the maximal subgroups of the symmetric groups .

The Sanitarium Health and Wellbeing Company is the trading name of two sister food companies ( Australian Health and Nutrition Association Ltd and New Zealand Health Association Ltd ) . Both are wholly owned by the Seventh - day Adventist Church . Founded in Melbourne , Victoria , in 1898 , Sanitarium has factories in Australia and New Zealand , producing a large range of breakfast cereals and vegetarian products . All the food products it manufactures and markets are plant derived or vegetarian . Its flagship product is Weet - Bix , sold in the Australian and New Zealand breakfast cereal markets . Sanitarium has produced and marketed many food products throughout its 120 year history , including peanut butter , vegetarian meals , snacks and beverages . The company operated health food shops in some cities , but closed them in the 1980s .

Hippolyte - Victor Collet - Descotils was a French chemist . He was born November 21 , 1773 in Caen and died December 6 , 1815 in Paris . He studied in the École des Mines de Paris , and was a student and friend of Louis Nicolas Vauquelin . He is best known for confirming the discovery of chromium by Vauquelin , and for independently discovering iridium in 1803 . In 1806 , Collet - Descotils misidentified erythronium , a new element discovered in Mexico by Andrés Manuel del Río , thinking that it was chromium . This resulted in Alexander von Humboldt rejecting Del Río 's discovery . The same element was rediscovered thirty years later in Sweden and renamed as vanadium . In 1815 , a few months before his death , he got the position of director of École des Mines de Paris , in charge of transferring the school to a new building . He is buried in the 10th Division of the Père Lachaise Cemetery of Paris .

" Harlem Shake " is a song recorded by American DJ and producer Baauer . It was released as his debut single on May 22 , 2012 , by Mad Decent imprint label Jeffree 's . The uptempo song — variously described as trap , hip hop or bass music — incorporates a mechanical bassline , Dutch house synth riffs , a dance music drop , and samples of growling - lion sounds . It also samples Plastic Little 's 2001 song " Miller Time " , specifically the vocal " then do the Harlem shake " , which is an allusion to the dance of the same name . Baauer added a variety of peculiar sounds to the song so that it would stand out . The single did not begin to sell significantly until February 2013 , when a YouTube video set to its music developed into an Internet meme of the same name . The media response to the meme helped increase the single 's sales , as it charted at number one for five consecutive weeks on the US Billboard Hot 100 . It also reached number three in the United Kingdom and number one in both Australia and New Zealand . During the song 's chart run , Billboard enacted a policy that included video streams as a component of their charts . " Harlem Shake " was well received by music critics , who viewed it as an appealing dance track , although some felt that it was more of a novelty song . After the song became a hit , Mad Decent label head Diplo reached an agreement with the artists of the song 's samples , which had not been contractually cleared before its release . However , according to Baauer , he has not received any of the money the song made because of the legal issues from not having properly cleared the samples . American rapper Azealia Banks released a remix to " Harlem Shake " on her SoundCloud page , which was subsequently removed at Baauer 's request and led to a dispute between the two .

Begoña or more puristically but also more rarely spelled Begoina , meaning ' the lower foot ' ( of Mount Artxanda ) , is a historical municipality of Biscay ( Basque Country , Spain ) that was incorporated to Bilbao in 1925 . Originally it included all the uplands south and east of the medieval walled town , that now form the 2nd , 3rd , 4th and parts of 5th urban districts of Bilbao . Nowadays the name is limited to the district including Santutxu , Bolueta and Begoña proper , a small residential neighbourhood between the Basilica and the garden area of Etxebarria Park . A notable person with this given name is Begoña Gómez Martín , a Spanish Olympic judoka . Due to its association with a church dedicated to Our Lady of Begoña , the name of the neighbourhood is also a popular name of women in the Basque Country ( and also in some other Spanish - speaking areas ) .

La Malinche mountain , also known as Matlalcueye or Malintzin , is an inactive volcano ( dormant for the last 3,100   years ) located in Tlaxcala and Puebla states , in Mexico . Officially , its summit reaches above sea level , though it is generally considered to be closer to , using GPS measurements . Its height makes it the highest peak in Tlaxcala , the fifth - highest in Puebla , the sixth - highest in Mexico , the 23rd - highest in North America , and the 252nd - highest in the world . Its height above nearby cities varies from above Huamantla , above Villa Vicente Guerrero , above Tlaxcala to above Puebla . The summit is from Tlaxcala , from Puebla , and from Mexico City . The climate is cold on the summit and mild on its lower slopes . The Tlaxcaltecs named it Matlalcueitl , which translates to " [ Lady of the ] Blue Skirt " , a goddess of rain and song , believed to be the local equivalent of Chalchiuhtlicue . The Spanish named it simply Sierra de Tlaxcala ( " Tlaxcalan Range " ) . The current name Malinche or Malintzin , in honor of the woman who helped Hernán Cortés as an interpreter during the conquest of the Aztec Empire , became popular during the 17th century .

Laura Alicia Brown ( born 1970 ) is a former American college and professional golfer . Brown was born in New Smyrna Beach , Florida . She attended New Smyrna Beach High School and graduated in 1987 . Brown received an athletic scholarship to attend the University of Florida in Gainesville , Florida , where she played for coach Mimi Ryan 's Florida Gators women 's golf team in National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) competition from 1988 to 1991 . While playing for the Florida Gators , she was recognized as the Southeastern Conference ( SEC ) Freshman of the Year in 1988 , and received first - team All - SEC and honorable mention All - American honors in 1991 . Brown graduated from Florida with a bachelor 's degree in health and human performance in 1991 .

Rosephanye Powell , pronounced ro - SEH - fuh - nee , ( born 1962 ) is an American choral composer , singer , professor , and researcher . Rosephanye Dunn Powell has been hailed as one of America 's premier composers of choral music . She has a diverse and impressive catalogue of works published by some of the nation 's leading publishers , including the Hal Leonard Corporation , the Fred Bock Music Company / Gentry Publications , Oxford University Press and Alliance Music Publications . Her compositions include sacred and secular works for mixed chorus , women 's chorus , men 's chorus , and children 's voices . Her style of composition has been characterized by beautiful melodies , strong rhythmic emphasis , rich harmonies often derived from African - American popular styles , and varied vocal textures including counterpoint . Her influences include African - American musical styles ; the choral works of J.S. Bach , G.F. Handel , Mozart and Verdi ; the art songs of William Grant Still , Undine Smith Moore , Fernando Obradors , Samuel Barber , Emmanuel Chabrier ; and the spiritual arrangements of H.T. Burleigh , J. Rosamond Johnson , William Dawson , Hall Johnson , Lena McLin , and Roland Carter . Powell 's works are popular throughout the world , especially in Europe and Asia . She is in constant demand as a composer - in - residence , clinician , adjudicator , conductor , and performer .

Robert Smalls ( April 5 , 1839 – February 23 , 1915 ) was an enslaved African American who escaped to freedom and became a ship 's pilot , sea captain , and politician . He freed himself , his crew and their families from slavery during the American Civil War by commandeering a Confederate transport ship , CSS Planter , in Charleston harbor , on May 13 , 1862 , and sailing it from Confederate - controlled waters to the U.S. blockade . His example and persuasion helped convince President Abraham Lincoln to accept African - American soldiers into the Union Army and the Navy . Smalls was born in Beaufort , South Carolina . After the American Civil War , he returned there and became a politician , winning election as a Republican to the South Carolina State legislature and the United States House of Representatives during the Reconstruction era . Smalls authored state legislation providing for South Carolina to have the first free and compulsory public school system in the United States . He founded the Republican Party of South Carolina . Smalls was the last Republican to represent South Carolina 's 5th congressional district until 2010 .

Rhoda Grant ( born 26 June 1963 ) is a Scottish Labour and Co - operative Party politician , and Member of the Scottish Parliament for Highlands and Islands region from 1999 to 2003 and since 2007 . In the 1999 election she was elected to a list seat for the Highlands and Islands . In the 2003 election she fought the Inverness East , Nairn and Lochaber constituency but came second , and she lost her list seat to Eleanor Scott of the Scottish Green Party . In the 2007 election she was again elected to list seat as the Scottish Green Party 's vote collapsed and Labour won three list seats . In the 2011 election she was re - elected as a list MSP for the Highlands and Islands region . Prior to her election Grant worked for the trade union UNISON and Highland Regional Council . She holds a degree in social sciences from the Open University . Grant thinks that there is a significant connection between pornography and the sex industry and " abuse and violence against women " . " We have to ask if more should be done to make the viewing or downloading of porn from the internet more difficult . I think there should be filters in place to help that process . "

Grand Theft Auto : Vice City is an action - adventure video game developed by Rockstar North and published by Rockstar Games . It was released on 29 October 2002 for the PlayStation 2 , on 12 May 2003 for Microsoft Windows , and on 31 October 2003 for the Xbox . A remastered version was released for mobile platforms in 2012 , for the game 's tenth anniversary . It is the sixth title in the Grand Theft Auto series and the first main entry since 2001 's Grand Theft Auto III . Set within the fictional Vice City , based on Miami , the game follows Tommy Vercetti following his release from prison . After he is caught up in an ambushed drug deal , he seeks out those responsible while building a criminal empire and seizing power from other criminal organisations in the city . The game is played from a third - person perspective , and its world is navigated on foot or by vehicle . The open world design lets the player freely roam Vice City , consisting of two main islands . The game 's plot is based on multiple real - world people and events in Miami such as Cuban , Haitian , and Biker gangs , the 1980s crack epidemic , the Mafioso drug lords of Miami , and the dominance of glam metal . The game was also influenced by the film and television of the era , including Scarface and Miami Vice . Much of the development work constituted creating the game world to fit the inspiration and time period ; the development team conducted extensive field research in Miami while creating the world . Upon release , the game received critical acclaim , with praise particularly directed at its music , gameplay and open world design . However , the game also generated controversy , with criticism directed at the depiction of violence and racial groups . The game sparked lawsuits and protests while being labelled as violent and explicit . Vice City became the best - selling video game of 2002 and has sold over 17.5 million copies . Considered one of the most significant titles of the sixth generation of video games , and one of the greatest video games ever made , it won numerous year - end accolades including Game of the Year awards from several gaming publications . Since its release , the game has received numerous ports to many gaming platforms . Its successor , , was released in October 2004 , and a prequel , , was released in 2006 .

Machine + Soul is the eleventh solo studio album by English musician Gary Numan , released in 1992 . It was a low point , released primarily to help pay off debt , and was the last of his efforts to make his music more radio - friendly . His subsequent work went in the much darker and more industrial direction that would revive his career . Numan 's two previous studio albums , 1988 's Metal Rhythm and 1991 's Outland , had been released through IRS Records . However , Numan 's relationship with that label had become strained , leading to his quitting IRS and reactivating his own label , Numa Records , on which he had released his work from 1984 until 1986 . He continued to release albums on that label , before closing it down permanently after Sacrifice .

The Gospel of John ( , to kata Ioánnin euangelion ) , is the fourth of the canonical gospels . The work is anonymous , although it identifies an unnamed " disciple whom Jesus loved " as the source of its traditions . It is closely related in style and content to the three Johannine epistles , and most scholars treat the four books , along with the Book of Revelation , as a single corpus of Johannine literature , albeit not from the same author . C. K. Barrett , and later Raymond E. Brown , suggested that a tradition developed around the " Johannine Community " , and that this tradition gave rise to the gospel . The discovery of a large number of papyrus fragments of manuscripts with Johannine themes has led more scholars to recognize that the texts were among the most influential in the early Church . The discourses contained in this gospel seem to be concerned with issues of the church – synagogue debate at the time of composition . It is notable that in John , the community appears to define itself primarily in contrast to Judaism , rather than as part of a wider Christian community . Though Christianity started as a movement within Judaism , it gradually separated from Judaism because of mutual opposition between the two religions .

Helen Steiner Rice ( May 19 , 1900 – April 23 , 1981 ) was an American writer of religious and inspirational poetry . Helen Steiner was born in Lorain , Ohio on May 19 , 1900 . Her father , a railroad worker , died in the influenza epidemic of 1918 . She began work for a public utility and progressed to the position of advertising manager , which was rare for a woman at that time . She also became the Ohio State Chairman of the Women 's Public Information Committee of the Electric Light Association , and campaigned for women 's rights and improved working conditions . In 1929 she married Franklin Dryden Rice , a bank vice - president in Dayton , Ohio . After the stock market crash in October that year , Franklin lost his job and his investments . He fell into a depression from which he never recovered , and committed suicide in 1932 . Rice became a successful businesswoman and lecturer , but found her most satisfying outlet in writing verse for the greeting card company Gibson Greetings . Her poems received wide exposure in the 1960s when several were read by Aladdin on the poetry segment of the Lawrence Welk television show . The demand for her poems became so great that her books are still selling steadily after many printings , and she has been acclaimed as " America 's beloved inspirational poet laureate " . Helen Steiner Rice ’s books of inspirational poetry have now sold nearly seven million copies . Her strong religious faith and the ability she had to express deep emotion gave her poems timeless appeal . She died on the evening of April 23 , 1981 , a month before her 81st birthday , and was buried in Elmwood Cemetery in Lorain , Ohio . Pope John Paul II , President Jimmy Carter and his wife Rosalynn were admirers of her artistry .

" Time Will Crawl " is a song recorded by English singer David Bowie , serving as the second single for his seventeenth album , Never Let Me Down ( 1987 ) . It was written by Bowie and produced by him and David Richards . Released in 1987 by EMI , the recording addresses the destruction of the planet by pollution and industry ; the Chernobyl disaster was a direct influence on the lyrics . The accompanying video served as a teaser to Bowie 's Glass Spider Tour ( 1987 ) . Music critics were positive toward " Time Will Crawl " , commending its lyrics and production , and describing it one of Bowie 's best efforts of the mid– to late – 1980s . Additionally , Bowie later called the song one of his favorites from his entire career . Commercially , the single peaked at number 33 on the UK Singles Chart and at number seven on Billboard Mainstream Rock Tracks chart .

Sulafjorden is a fjord ( more accurately , a sound ) in Sula Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway . It is located on the border of Sula Municipality and Hareid Municipality . The great Storfjorden flows out into the Sulafjorden which then flows out into the Breidsundet sound , and on into the ocean . The long fjord is about wide and it reaches a maximum depth of below sea level . The island of Sula sits on the northeast side of the fjord and the island of Hareidlandet is to the southwest . The main settlements along the fjord include the villages of Brandal , Hareid , and Hjørungavåg , all on Hareidlandet . The island of Sula has very few inhabitants along the Sulafjorden .

Nairobi City Stars is an association football club based in Nairobi , Kenya . They currently compete in the Kenyan Premier League . The club was founded in 2003 as World Hope Football Club , when it took over Kawangware FC , who had been relegated from the Premier League . After one season in the Nationwide League , World Hope was promoted to the Kenyan Premier League . The club was owned by World Hope International , a charitable organisation . In October 2008 , the club was bought by Ambassadors in Sport ( AIS Kenya ) , who renamed the club to Nairobi City Stars FC after the 2008 season . The name is after Cleveland City Stars . Musa Otieno , Kenyan international footballer who has also played for Cleveland City Stars is one of the leading figures behind the new club . Nairobi City Stars retained the home ground Hope Centre , located in Kawangware suburb of Nairobi . Nairobi City Stars was initially coached by German manager Oliver Page , who is a former Bundesliga player . He resigned from the post half - season in June 2009 despite good results , citing personal issues The club 's mission statement states they will use the club 's profile to raise awareness of and combat poverty , HIV / AIDS , ethnic strife and corruption . The club have an academy known as the Vapour FC .

The British edition of the fashion magazine Vogue is currently owned and distributed by US media company Conde Nast . British Vogue has been published since autumn 1916 . Its current editor stated that , “ Vogue ’s power is universally acknowledged . It ’s the place everybody wants to be if they want to be in the world of fashion " and 85 % of the magazine ’s readers agree that “ Vogue is the Fashion Bible ” . The magazine is considered to be one that links fashion to high society and class , teaching its readers how to ‘ assume a distinctively chic and modern appearance’ . As a branch - off of American Vogue , British Vogue is a magazine whose success is based upon its advertising rather than its sales revenue . In 2007 , it ran 2,020 pages of advertising at an average of £ 16,000 a page . It is deemed to be more commercial than other editions of Vogue . British Vogue is the most profitable British magazine as well as the most profitable edition of Vogue besides the US and China editions .

The National Socialist Freedom Movement ( , NSFB ) or National Socialist Freedom Party ( , NSFP ) was a far - right political party in Weimar Germany created in April 1924 during the aftermath of the Beer Hall Putsch . Adolf Hitler and many Nazi leaders were jailed after the failed coup attempt and the Nazi Party was outlawed in what came to be known as the Time of Struggle . The remaining Nazis formed the NSFB as a legal means of carrying on the party and its ideology . Included in this party was the similarly reformed and renamed Frontbann , which was a legal alternative to the SA . Eugene Davidson notes that " [ t]he Far Right could not agree on much of anything for long , not even on who was the chief enemy " , with NSFP Reichstag deputy Reinhold Wulle believing that the Catholics were a greater danger than the Jews . Wulle told a party gathering in January 1925 that Hitler would never again regain his former authority . Hitler himself had given up his leadership of the party during the duration of his imprisonment , telling people who came to see him that the grounds for his decision were that he was overworked writing a voluminous book . NSFP leaders Albrecht von Graefe and Erich Ludendorff both quit the NSFP in February 1925 , only a little more than a year after it was founded . On 27 February 1925 , the Nazi Party was reformed after the ban expired in January and Hitler had been released from prison in December 1924 . The NSFB was then reabsorbed into the Nazi Party .

A switchblade ( also known as an automatic knife , pushbutton knife , ejector knife , switch , Sprenger , Springer , flick knife , or flick blade ) is a type of knife with a folding or sliding blade contained in the handle which is opened automatically by a spring when a button , lever , or switch on the handle or bolster is stroked . Most switchblade designs incorporate a locking blade , in which the blade is locked against closure when the spring extends the blade to the fully opened position . The blade is unlocked by manually operating a mechanism that unlocks the blade and allows it to be folded and locked in the closed position . In 1954 , Democratic Rep. James J. Delaney of New York authored the first bill submitted to the U.S. Congress banning the manufacture and sale of switchblades , beginning a wave of legal restrictions worldwide and a consequent decline in their popularity . In 1955 , U.S. newspapers promoted the image of a young delinquent with a stiletto switchblade or flick knife with lurid stories of urban youth gang warfare , often featuring lower class youth and/or racial minorities .

" Ashtray Heart " is the third official single from Placebo 's sixth studio album , Battle for the Sun . It was released in all of Europe , except for the United Kingdom and Norway , with " The Never - Ending Why " being released in these two countries a week prior ( 14 September 2009 ) . The B - side song " Fuck U " is a cover of a song by electro / alternative rock band Archive . The B - side song " Hardly Wait " is a cover of a PJ Harvey song . " Ashtray Heart " was also the name of the band that would become Placebo . Ashtray Heart was a duo consisted of Molko and Olsdal , before they decided to try out as a serious band and began the search for a drummer .

Matthias Sammer (; born 5 September 1967 ) is a retired German footballer and coach who last worked as sporting director of Bayern Munich . He played as a defensive midfielder , and later in his career as a sweeper . With Borussia Dortmund as a player , Sammer won the Bundesliga and DFL - Supercup in 1995 , the Bundesliga , DFL - Supercup , and European Footballer of the Year in 1996 , and the UEFA Champions League and Intercontinental Cup in 1997 . With Germany as a player , Sammer won the UEFA Euro 1996 , where he was named the tournament 's best player , and was subsequently awarded the Ballon d'Or later that year . Sammer retired with 74 total caps , 23 for East Germany and 51 for the unified side . With Sammer as a manager , Borussia Dortmund won the Bundesliga in 2002 .

The Beijing Consensus ( also known as the China Model or Chinese Economic Model ) refers to the political and economic policies of the People 's Republic of China instituted after Mao Zedong 's death in 1976 by Deng Xiaoping . The policies are thought to have contributed to China 's eightfold growth in gross national product over two decades . The phrase " Beijing Consensus " was coined by Joshua Cooper Ramo to frame China 's economic development model as an alternative — especially for developing countries — to the Washington Consensus of market - friendly policies promoted by the IMF , World Bank , and U.S. Treasury . In 2016 , Ramo explained that the Beijing Consensus shows not that " every nation will follow China ’s development model , but that it legitimizes the notion of particularity as opposed to the universality of a Washington model " . Ramo has detailed it as a pragmatic policy that uses innovation and experimentation to achieve " equitable , peaceful high - quality growth " , and " defense of national borders and interests " , whereas other scholars have used it to refer to " stable , if repressive , politics and high - speed economic growth " . Others criticize its vagueness , claiming that there is " no consensus as to what it stands for " other than being an alternative to the neoliberal Washington Consensus , and that the term " is applied to anything that happens in Beijing , regardless of whether or not it has to do with a ' Chinese Model of Development , ' or even with the People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) per se " . This fluidity has been described as an " ultra - pragmatic " approach to policy .

Bur Dubai ( in Arabic : بر دبي ) is a historic district in Dubai , United Arab Emirates , located on the western side of the Dubai Creek . The name literally translates to Mainland Dubai , a reference to the traditional separation of the Bur Dubai area from Deira by the Dubai Creek . This is because Bur Dubai historically consisted of all districts between the western bank of the Creek and Jumeirah . The Ruler 's Court is located in the district adjacent to the Grand Mosque . The district is home to several mosques including the Grand Mosque with the city 's tallest minaret , and the blue tiled Iranian Mosque . The country 's only Hindu temple is situated between the Grand Mosque and the Creek . It is home to several popular places for tourists including renovated historic buildings and museums . The district has many shopping streets and souqs ( or souk ) , including the textile souq near the abra boat station , though most of the well known souqs are located in Deira .

Yle Teema & Fem is a Finnish television channel owned and operated by Finnish public broadcaster Yle . It was launched on 24 April 2017 , after Yle Teema and Yle Fem merged to this channel . Teema & Fem is Yle 's channel for culture , education , and science . It focuses on recordings of performing arts , classical music , art , and history documentaries , films , and themed programming . The channel also broadcasts Swedish - language full service channel broadcasting news , factual and children 's programmes and entertainment . It also shows many Nordic films and series and Sami - language Ođđasat . Finnish subtitles are available for most programmes . Outside prime time , Teema & Fem shows selected programmes acquired from Sveriges Television , Sweden 's equivalent of Yle .

The National Peasants ' Party ( Partidul Național Țărănesc or PNȚ ) was a Romanian political party , formed in 1926 through the fusion of the Romanian National Party ( ) from Transylvania and the Peasants ' Party ( ) from the prewar kingdom . It was in power for most of the time between 1928 and 1933 with longtime leader Iuliu Maniu as prime minister . A moderately conservative party , with some left - wing corporatist views ( supporting , for instance , voluntary cooperative farming ) , it remained staunchly pro - monarchy . A former member , Corneliu Coposu , claimed that 270,000 PNȚ members were sent to prisons and work camps , where three quarters of them perished , beginning in 1947 when the party was banned by the Communist government following the Tămădău Affair . Both party president Iuliu Maniu and deputy leader Ion Mihalache died in prison during the Communist regime . Former PNȚ members Corneliu Coposu and Ion Rațiu founded a new party in December 1989 under the name Christian Democratic National Peasants ' Party ( , PNȚCD or PNȚcd ) . It was the first officially registered political party after the fall of Communism .

Sue Ryder is a charity ( originally called the Sue Ryder Foundation and more recently Sue Ryder Care ) which was founded in 1953 by Sue Ryder , with the creation of a nursing home in Suffolk , UK . Sue Ryder supports people with complex needs and life - threatening illnesses across the UK and internationally . The charity is headquartered at Upper Woburn Place in London and is a registered charity in England & Wales . It dropped the word " Care " from its operating name in April 2011 after a public consultation suggested that it sounded unclear , corporate and distant . In 2011/12 Sue Ryder had an annual expenditure of £ 81.9 million , placing it in the top 60 of UK voluntary organisations ranked by expenditure .

Andes to Amazon is a nature documentary TV series co - produced by the BBC Natural History Unit in Bristol , England and Animal Planet , first transmitted in the UK on BBC2 in November 2000 . In other territories it was broadcast under the title Wild South America Each of the six 50-minute episodes portrays a different aspect of the South American continent . The series features extensive aerial photography of major landforms shot by Bob Fulton , and footage of rarely glimpsed animals in the wild . Andes to Amazon was narrated by Fergal Keane and produced by Karen Bass . The series forms part of the Natural History Unit 's Continents strand , and was preceded by Land of the Tiger in 1997 and followed one year later by Congo .

The Evening Post was an afternoon metropolitan daily newspaper based in Wellington , New Zealand . It was founded in 1865 by Dublin - born printer , newspaper manager and leader - writer Henry Blundell , who brought his large family to New Zealand in 1863 . With his partner from what proved to be a false - start at Havelock , David Curle , who left the partnership that July , Henry and his three sons printed with a hand - operated press and distributed Wellington 's first daily newspaper , The Evening Post , on 8 February 1865 . Operating from 1894 as Blundell Bros Limited his sons and their descendants continued the very successful business which dominated its circulation area . While The Evening Post was remarkable in not suffering the rapid circulation decline of evening newspapers elsewhere it was decided in 1972 to merge ownership with that of the never - as - successful politically conservative morning paper , The Dominion , which belonged to listed Wellington Publishing Company Limited , within a new holding company — Independent Newspapers Limited . Wellington Publishing Company Limited had been , in 1964 , the very first part of the Rupert Murdoch international empire .

Divinyls were an Australian rock band that was formed in Sydney in 1980 . The band primarily consisted of vocalist Chrissy Amphlett and guitarist Mark McEntee . Amphlett garnered widespread attention for performing on stage in a school uniform and fishnet stockings , and often used an illuminated neon tube as a prop for displaying aggression towards both band members and the audience . Originally a five - piece , the band underwent numerous line - up changes , with Amphlett and McEntee remaining as core members , before its dissolution in 1996 . In May 2001 , the Australasian Performing Right Association ( APRA ) , as part of its 75th - anniversary celebrations , named " Science Fiction " as one of the Top 30 Australian songs of all time . The band was inducted into the Australian Recording Industry Association ( ARIA ) Hall of Fame in 2006 and in late 2007 Amphlett and McEntee reconvened to record a new single and begin working on a new album . The band played a short series of live gigs in Australia in late 2007 and early 2008 .

" To Be or Not to Be " ( also known as " The Hitler Rap " ) is a song recorded by Mel Brooks in 1983 for Island Records . The song appeared on the soundtrack album for the movie with the same name . It was derived from the burlesque show within the film but did not appear within it . It also echoes Brooks ' 1967 film The Producers , with the lines " Do n't be stupid , be a smarty . Come and join the Nazi Party " taken from the song " Springtime for Hitler " . In the accompanying music video , Mel Brooks is dressed like Adolf Hitler and raps about the key events in Hitler 's life in Third Reich . While having limited success in the United States , the song managed to chart high in Australia and the United Kingdom , peaking at number three in the former country and number 12 on the UK Singles Chart . It also reached number one in Norway and number two in Sweden .

Aussois is a commune in the Vanoise massif , in the Savoie department in the Auvergne - Rhône - Alpes region in south - eastern France . The village is on the border of France 's first National Park , the Vanoise National Park . Although not as well known as other resorts right on the other side of the mountain like Val Thorens , it is popular with the French as ski resort in winter and as mountain destination in summer . At from Modane , it is ideally located in the Maurienne region with good transport links in and out of Lyon , Geneva , Grenoble and Chambéry . Aussois can also be reached from Turin via the Fréjus Road Tunnel , linking Bardonecchia in Italy and Modane . Nearby Gare de Modane is a large railway station with a high - speed service ( TGV ) Paris - Chambéry - Turin - Milan . The resort offers of slopes , 21 slopes ( 6 Green , 5 Blue , 8 Red , 2 Black ) .

Doctor in the House is a 1954 British comedy film directed by Ralph Thomas and produced by Betty Box . The screenplay , by Nicholas Phipps , Richard Gordon and Ronald Wilkinson , is based on the novel by Gordon , and follows a group of students through medical school . It was the most popular box office film of 1954 in Great Britain . Its success spawned six sequels , and also a television and radio series entitled Doctor in the House . It made Dirk Bogarde one of the biggest British stars of the 1950s . Other well - known British actors featured in the film were Kenneth More , Donald Sinden and Donald Houston . James Robertson Justice appeared as the irascible chief surgeon Sir Lancelot Spratt , a role he would repeat in many of the sequels .

Sanford is a city in York County , Maine , United States . The population was 20,798 in the 2010 census , making it the seventh largest municipality in the state . Situated on the Mousam River , Sanford includes the village of Springvale . The city features many lakes in wooded areas which attract campers . Sanford is part of the Portland – South Portland – Biddeford , Maine metropolitan statistical area . On November 6 , 2012 , Sanford voters approved a new charter to re - incorporate Sanford as a city and replace the town meeting format with a city council / mayor / strong manager form of government , along with other changes . The new charter took effect on January 1 , 2013 . Sanford 's new charter provides that the first mayor would be appointed from the ranks of Sanford 's seven city councilors and serve interim for one - year period . On January 8 , 2013 , Maura A. Herlihy was appointed as Sanford 's first mayor . In 2014 , an elected - at - large mayor would take office and serve a three - year initial first term . On November 5 , 2013 , Thomas Cote was elected as mayor . Beginning in 2016 , the mayoral position will be elected at - large every two years during legislative election cycles .

L.A. Woman is the sixth studio album by the American rock band the Doors , released on April 19 , 1971 , on Elektra Records . It is the last to feature the group 's lead singer , Jim Morrison , who died three months after the album 's release . It saw the band continue to integrate elements of blues back into their music , a direction begun with their previous album , Morrison Hotel . It was also recorded without record producer Paul A. Rothchild after he fell out with the group over the perceived lack of quality of their studio performances . Subsequently , the band co - produced the album with longtime sound engineer Bruce Botnick . " Love Her Madly " was released as a single in March 1971 , preceding the album 's release , and it reached the Top 20 in the Billboard Hot 100 . Upon release , the album peaked at number nine on the Billboard 200 and reached number 28 on the UK Albums Charts . An additional single in support of the album , " Riders on the Storm " , also achieved chart success on Billboard and in the UK . Critics Richie Unterberger and David Quantick have both called L.A. Woman one of the Doors ' best albums , citing Morrison 's unwavering enthusiasm in his vocal performance , and the band 's stripped - down return to their blues rock roots .

Captain Gurbachan Singh Salaria , PVC ( 29 November 1935 – 5 December 1961 ) was an Indian Army officer and member of a United Nations peacekeeping force . He is the only UN peacekeeper to receive the Param Vir Chakra ( PVC ) , India 's highest wartime military decoration . Singh was an alumnus of King George 's Royal Military College and the National Defence Academy . He was the first NDA alumnus and only UN Peacekeeper to be awarded a PVC . In December 1961 , Salaria was among the Indian troops deployed to the Republic of the Congo as part of the United Nations Operation in the Congo . On 5 December , Salaria 's battalion was tasked to clear a roadblock of two armoured cars manned by 150 gendarmes of the secessionist State of Katanga on the way to the Elizabethville Airport . The plan was that Salaria and his men were to block their retreat . His rocket launcher team attacked and destroyed the Katangese armoured cars . This unforeseen move confused the gendarmerie , and Salaria felt it would be best to attack before they reorganised . Though his troops were badly outnumbered , they charged towards the Katangese and killed 40 men in a kukri assault . During the attack , Salaria was shot twice in the neck and eventually succumbed to his injuries . The remaining gendarmes fled in utter confusion leaving their dead and wounded behind . This helped the main battalion to easily overrun the Katangese and clear the roadblock . For his duty and courage , and disregard for his own safety during the battle , Salaria was awarded the Param Vir Chakra .

The Mendham Township Public Schools is a community public school district serving students in pre - kindergarten through eighth grade in Mendham Township , in Morris County , New Jersey , United States . As of the 2014 - 15 school year , the district and its two schools had an enrollment of 1,121 students and 71.8 classroom teachers ( on an FTE basis ) , for a student – teacher ratio of 15.6:1 . The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group " J " , the highest of eight groupings . District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts . From lowest socioeconomic status to highest , the categories are A , B , CD , DE , FG , GH , I and J. Students in public school for ninth through twelfth grades attend West Morris Mendham High School , which is located in Mendham Borough and serves students from Chester Borough , Chester Township , Mendham Borough and Mendham Township . The school is part of the West Morris Regional High School District , which also serves students from Washington Township at West Morris Mendham High School . As of the 2014 - 15 school year , the high school had an enrollment of 1,386 students and 105.5 classroom teachers ( on an FTE basis ) , for a student – teacher ratio of 13.1:1 .

In Sumerian religion , Ninlil ( 𒀭𒊩𒌆𒆤 NIN.LÍL"lady of the open field " or " Lady of the Wind " ) , also called Sud , in Assyrian called Mulliltu , is the consort goddess of Enlil . Her parentage is variously described . Most commonly she is called the daughter of Haia ( god of stores ) and Nunbarsegunu ( or Ninshebargunnu [ a goddess of barley ] or Nisaba ) . Another Akkadian source says she is the daughter of Anu ( a.k.a . An ) and Antu ( Sumerian Ki ) . Other sources call her a daughter of Anu and Nammu . She lived in Dilmun with her family . Impregnated by her husband Enlil , who lie with her by the water , she conceived a boy , Nanna / Suen , the future moon god . As punishment Enlil was dispatched to the underworld kingdom of Ereshkigal , where Ninlil joined him . Enlil impregnated her disguised as the gatekeeper , where upon she gave birth to their son Nergal , god of death . In a similar manner she conceived the underworld god Ninazu when Enlil impregnated her disguised as the man of the river of the nether world , a man - devouring river . Later Enlil disguised himself as the man of the boat , impregnating her with a fourth deity Enbilulu , god of rivers and canals . All of these act as substitutes for Nanna / Suen to ascend . In some texts Ninlil is also the mother of Ninurta , the heroic god who slew Asag the demon with his mace , Sharur . After her death , she became the goddess of the wind , like Enlil . She may be the Goddess of the South Wind referred to in the story of Adapa , as her husband Enlil was associated with northerly winter storms . As " Lady Wind " she may be associated with the figure of the Akkadian demon " Lil - itu " , thought to have been the origin of the Hebrew Lilith legend .

Alexander I Aldea ( 1397 – 1436 ) was a Voivode of Wallachia ( 1431–1436 ) from the House of Basarab , son of Mircea the Elder . He came to rule Wallachia during an extremely turbulent time when rule of the country changed hands by violence eighteen times during the 15th century . Alexander I took the throne by ousting Dan II of Wallachia , father to Basarab II . Dan II was on his 5th rule of Wallachia , having gone back and forth with Radu II several times over the course of seven years during the 1420s . He was strong enough to hold the throne for what was then a considerable time , a stretch of five years . However , in the winter of 1436 he died , most probably from illness , as there are no rumours to the contrary . Upon his death , his half - brother Vlad II Dracul assumed the throne and would hold it off and on until he was killed in 1447 . Alexander I was the uncle of Vlad Tepes ( son of Vlad II Dracul ) , the inspiration for the Bram Stoker 's novel Dracula .

Gautham K Sharma is an Indian model and actor . He did his schooling at Campion School , Mumbai and graduated from Jai Hind College . While in college he has done many fashion shows and plays . He also won an All India Talent Hunt organized by Stardust . He was trained as an actor at the Stardust Academy by Nari Hira of Magna Publications , where he was trained by Namit Kishore Kapoor , dance by Shakur and voice training by Ustad Akhtar Ali Khan . Gautham made his debut with role as Tez in Ankush Bhatt 's Bhindi Baazaar Inc. , 2011 , alongside Kay Kay Menon , Piyush Mishra , Pavan Malhotra , Prashant Narayanan & Deepti Naval . He has done various advertisements for the brands like Colgate , Reynolds , Asian Paints and Bristol Cigarettes .

The Loudoun County Commuter Bus , also known as Loudoun County Transit , is a public - transportation service provided by the Loudoun County , Virginia government . The buses operate from Dulles , Leesburg , and Purcellville to Washington Metro stations as well as directly to Rosslyn , Virginia , The Pentagon , and Washington , D.C .. The service is attractive because the buses , unlike normal traffic , are permitted to travel on the express lanes of the Dulles Toll Road . This allows for a shorter trip and also bypasses commuter tolls . The Loudoun County Commuter Bus accepts payment via SmarTrip , a reloadable transit card issued by the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority . Loudoun County Transit buses also operates local bus service through Sterling , Ashburn , & Leesburg . The Silver Line is being extended to Dulles Airport and Ashburn ( part of Phase Two ) , service is available from Park and Ride locations to the Wiehle - Reston East Metro station as well as the West Falls Church Station as part of Metro Connection service . Virginia Regional Transit only operates the Purcellville Connector that is part of local bus service . LC Transit uses long buses ( seating around 50 ) with white and metal trim and display the LC Transit logo ( shown above ) , while VRT buses are short ( seating around 15 ) and have a predominantly white and maroon color scheme , frequently without a logo . Meanwhile , the local buses have buses that are around the same size as VRT buses & have the LC logo .

The Stade Pierre de Coubertin ( French : Pierre de Coubertin Stadium ) is an indoor arena in Paris , France . It is the home venue of the Paris - Levallois Basket basketball team and the Open Gaz de France women 's tennis tournament . The Stade Pierre de Coubertin opened in 1937 for the Universal Exposition ; it was rebuilt after the Second World War in 1946 . Currently the arena has a capacity of 4,836 seats . In addition to being the home of the Paris BR , the Stade Pierre de Coubertin each year hosts 2 fencing Grand Prix : Challenge International de Paris ( in January ) and Challenge Monal ( in February ) ; and a women 's tennis tournament : Open Gaz de France ( in February ) . The stadium was used as a detention centre during the Paris massacre of 1961 .

WVBT , virtual channel 43 ( UHF digital channel 29 ) , is a Fox - affiliated television station licensed to Virginia Beach , Virginia , United States , serving the Hampton Roads area of southeastern Virginia ( comprising the cities of Virginia Beach , Norfolk , Portsmouth , Newport News , Hampton and environs ) , and the Outer Banks region of northeastern North Carolina . The station is owned by Nexstar Media Group , as part of a duopoly with Portsmouth - licensed NBC affiliate WAVY - TV ( channel 10 ) . The two stations share studios on Wavy Street in downtown Portsmouth ; WVBT 's transmitter is located in the Driver neighborhood of Suffolk , Virginia . WVBT 's programming can also be seen on two Class A repeaters : WPMC - CD ( channel 36 ) in Mappsville , Virginia ; and WNLO - CD ( channel 45 ) in Norfolk .

Prem Bandhan (; translation : bond of love ) is a 1979 Indian Hindi film directed by Ramanand Sagar . The film stars Rajesh Khanna , Rekha and Moushumi Chatterjee as the lead actors and is supported by A. K. Hangal , Prema Narayan , Bhagwan , Keshto Mukherjee and Lalita Pawar . The film 's music is by Laxmikant Pyarelal . This film , along with Amar Deep , marked the comeback of Rajesh Khanna , as these were his commercially successful films after a period of one full year as in the year 1978 , none of his films became huge hits at the box office , with the exception of Bhola Bhala . The news magazine " The Indian " noted that " Rajesh Khanna makes a sincere attempt to recover his popularity as " superstar " and succeeds . He gives natural touching performance " . The story revolves around the adventures of Rajesh Khanna when he loses his memory by meeting in an accident , falling prey to amnesia and falls in love with a fisher woman and gets married , whereas his sophisticated city bred girlfriend keeps waiting for him in the city .

Rest Inside the Flames is the third album by metalcore band 36 Crazyfists . It was released in Australia on June 10 , 2006 and in Europe and the UK on June 12 , 2006 . The album was released in the United States on November 7 via the band 's new North American label , DRT Entertainment . Almost two months prior to the album 's official release date of June 12 , the album was leaked and began appearing on P2P sites . The album features guest vocals by Killswitch Engage frontman Howard Jones on the track " Elysium " , as well as Jonah Jenkins ( vocalist of Milligram and ex - vocalist of Only Living Witness ) on the track " We Can not Deny " . Crazyfists front man , Lindow , was pleased with Jenkins appearance on the album and said , in an interview , " Only Living Witness was one of our favorite bands growing up , so we really wanted him to be on the record . Over the years , I made friends with him online , which is a little weird . But he lives in Boston so he came down to New Jersey when we were recording , and that was awesome . " The first single released from the album was " I 'll Go Until My Heart Stops " .

Hinduism in Los Angeles made its first significant impact in the late 19th century when wandering Hindu monk Swami Vivekananda ( 1863 –1902 ) , a disciple of Ramakrishna Paramahamsa , came on his second visit to the United States . Swami Paramananda , a disciple of Swami Vivekananda , founded the Vedanta centres in Los Angeles and Boston . Hindu temples have emerged in the US in the urban areas in the same manner as in India . Los Angeles has witnessed the building of new temples in its suburbs , as the result of a significant community of Hindus living in Los Angeles County and the surrounding counties . The Los Angeles Hindu Society is based at the Pasadena Hindu Temple , which claims to " promote the religious , social and cultural activities and the spiritual well being of the Hindu community in the U.S. state of California .

Plattsburgh International Airport is a county public use airport located three   nautical miles ( 6   km ) south of the central business district of Plattsburgh , a city in Clinton County , New York , United States . The airport is located at the former Plattsburgh Air Force Base and has been owned by Clinton County since 2002 . The old base is still being redeveloped by Plattsburgh Airbase Redevelopment Corporation , established in 1995 after the airbase closed . The airport 's massive facilities have been upgraded to civilian aviation standards and the county fully transitioned here from Clinton County Airport as of June 2007 . Passenger service began on June 18 , 2007 and Clinton County Airport has been shut down since then . All airline service in Plattsburgh goes through the airport and is in the process of beginning to expand its terminal building to accommodate more passengers and provide more gates for aircraft . Scheduled passenger service to Boston at this airport is subsidized by the United States Department of Transportation via the Essential Air Service program . It is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011 – 2015 , which categorized it as a primary commercial service airport ( more than 10,000 enplanements per year ) . As per Federal Aviation Administration records , the airport had 45,998 passenger boardings ( enplanements ) in 2008 , 73,159 enplanements in 2009 , 94,808 in 2010 , and 139,698 in 2011 .

The Free Reformed Churches of North America ( FRCNA ) is a theologically conservative federation of churches in the Dutch Calvinist tradition with congregations in the United States and Canada . It officially adopted its current name in 1974 . These churches together confess the Bible to be the Word of God and believe it is faithfully summarized by the Belgic Confession , Heidelberg Catechism , and Canons of Dort . This denomination adheres to the five points of Calvinism . It is affiliated with the Christian Reformed Churches in the Netherlands ( Christelijke Gereformeerde Kerken - CGKN ) . The Free Reformed Churches of North America should not be confused ( although named quite similarly ) with the Free Reformed Churches of Australia or Free Reformed Churches of South Africa .

The grenade , hand , anti - tank No . 74 , commonly known as the S.T. grenade or sticky bomb , was a British hand grenade designed and produced during the Second World War . The grenade was one of a number of anti - tank weapons developed for use by the British Army and Home Guard as an ad hoc solution to a lack of sufficient anti - tank guns in the aftermath of the Dunkirk evacuation . Designed by a team from MIR(c ) including Major Millis Jefferis and Stuart Macrae , the grenade consisted of a glass sphere containing an explosive made of nitroglycerin and additives ( this added stability to the mix , as well as giving it its squash - head - like effect ) covered in a strong adhesive and surrounded by a sheet - metal casing . When the user pulled a pin on the handle of the grenade , the casing would fall away and expose the sticky sphere . Pulling another pin would arm the firing mechanism and the user would then attempt to attach the grenade to an enemy tank or other vehicle . Letting go of the handle would release a lever that would activate a five - second fuse , which would then detonate the nitroglycerin . The grenade had several faults with its design . In tests , it failed to adhere to dusty or muddy tanks and , if the user was not careful after freeing the grenade from its casing , it could easily stick to his uniform . The Ordnance Board of the War Department did not approve the grenade for use by the British Army , but personal intervention by the prime minister , Winston Churchill , led to the grenade going into production . Between 1940 and 1943 , approximately 2.5 million were produced . It was primarily issued to the Home Guard , but was also used by British and Commonwealth forces in North Africa , accounting for six German tanks ; used by Allied Forces on the Anzio Beachhead , including the First Special Service Force ; as well as by Australian Army units during the New Guinea campaign . The French Resistance were also issued a quantity of the grenades .

Lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender ( LGBT ) persons in Kiribati face legal challenges not experienced by non - LGBT residents . Male homosexuality is illegal in Kiribati . Female homosexuality is legal , but lesbians may face violence and discrimination . However , employment discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation is prohibited . In November 2016 , Kiribati voted against a plan to get rid of the UN Independent Expert on violence and discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity at the United Nations General Assembly . The push to get rid of the UN expert failed 84 - 77 . Kiribati along with Sri Lanka were the only two countries , where homosexuality is still criminalised , who voted against the proposal .

Reliance Jio Infocomm Limited , d / b / a Jio , is an Indian mobile network operator . Owned by Reliance Industries and headquartered in Navi Mumbai , Maharashtra , it operates a national LTE network with coverage across all 22 telecom circles . Jio does not offer 2 G or 3 G service , and instead uses voice over LTE to provide voice service on its network . Jio soft launched on 27 December 2015 ( the eve of what would have been the 83rd birthday of Reliance Industries founder Dhirubhai Ambani ) , with a beta for partners and employees , and became publicly available on 5 September 2016 . On 5 July 2018 , fixed line broadband service named Gigafiber , was launched by the Reliance Industries Limited 's chairman Mukesh Ambani , during the company 's Annual General Meeting .

Mullion ( ) is a civil parish and village on the Lizard Peninsula in south Cornwall , England , United Kingdom . The nearest town is Helston approximately five miles ( 8   km ) to the north .. Mullion civil parish encompasses the church town ( now known simply as Mullion ) and four smaller settlements : Mullion Cove and Predannack to the southwest ; Trewoon and Meaver to the east . Mullion is bordered by the parishes of Gunwalloe and Cury to the north , Grade - Ruan to the east , Landewednack to the south , and by Mount 's Bay to the west . The parish also includes Mullion Island , a uninhabited island approximately half a mile ( 0.8   km ) offshore from Mullion Cove . The island is home to large colonies of seabirds and is owned by the National Trust .

" Sentiments songes " ( " Liar feelings " , portmanteau between " sentiments " and " mensonges " ) was the French entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1997 , performed in French by Fanny . The song was performed twenty - second on the night , following Denmark 's Kølig Kaj with " Stemmen i mit liv " and preceding Croatia 's E.N.I. with " Probudi me " . At the close of voting , it had received 95 points , placing 7th in a field of 25 . The song is a ballad , with Fanny explaining that we often run from love , instead of embracing it . She puts this down to fear of our true feelings . It was succeeded as French representative at the 1998 Contest by Marie Line with " Où aller " .

The Asian Netball Championship is a netball competition held every two years with teams from across Asia competing . The sixth Asian Netball Championship was held in 2005 , and was won by the Singaporean team with a win over the Malaysian team with a score of 53–39 in the final . The fifth Asian Netball Championships was held in Colombo , Sri Lanka in 2001 . Hong Kong , India , Pakistan , Malaysia , Maldives , Singapore , Thailand and Sri Lanka competed . It was won by one goal by Sri Lanka over Singapore . The Malaysian Netball Association hosted the first Asian Netball Championship in 1985 , and the 3rd Asian Youth Netball Championship . Sri lanka is the reigning champion of the tournament and also the most successful team , having won the Asian Netball Championships 5 times .

In baseball , a captain is an honorary title sometimes given to a member of the team to acknowledge his leadership . In the early days of baseball , a captain was a player who was responsible for many of the functions now assumed by managers and coaches , such as preparing lineups , making decisions about strategy , and encouraging teamwork . In amateur or youth baseball , a manager or coach may appoint a team captain to assist in communicating with the players and to encourage teamwork and improvement . Major League Baseball 's official rules only briefly mention the position of team captain . Official Baseball Rule 4.03 Comment ( formerly Rule 4.01 Comment ) which discusses the submission of a team 's lineup to the umpire , notes that obvious errors in the lineup should be brought to the attention of the team 's manager or captain . In Major League Baseball , only a handful of teams have designated a player as captain in recent years . Jerry Remy , who was named as captain of the California Angels in 1977 at age 24 , explains that in today 's modern age of baseball , " there 's probably no need for a captain on a major league team . I think there are guys who lead by example . You could name the best player on your team as captain , but he may not be the guy other players will talk to or who will quietly go to other players and give them a prod . " With the recent retirement of Mets captain David Wright , third baseman Adrian Beltre of Texas Rangers is currently the only captain of any Major League Baseball team . They do not wear an NHL - style " C " on their jersey . Retired first baseman Mike Sweeney , former captain of the Kansas City Royals from 2003 to 2007 , wore the " C " patch , as did two other recently retired captains : John Franco of the Mets , and Jason Varitek of the Boston Red Sox .

The Niagara Stars played in the independent Canadian Baseball League that existed for half of the summer season of 2003 before folding . Located in the city of Welland , Ontario the team featured a variety of international ballplayers from Canada , the Dominican Republic , and the United States . The Stars were managed by former major leaguer Pete LaCock ( son of American TV personality Peter Marshall ) who led the team to a 15 - 15 record before league officials pulled the plug on the season at the half - way point . [ Dave MacLean ] worked as a member of the front office staff , supplying the team with its only working desktop computer . On one occasion Manager Pete LaCock broke Dave 's Sony Discman which he had received as a birthday present on his 13th birthday .

Ugadi ( Ugādi , Samvatsarādi , Yugadi ) is the New Year 's Day for the people of Andhra Pradesh , Telangana and Karnataka states in India . It is festively observed in these regions on the first day of the Hindu lunisolar calendar month of Chaitra . This typically falls in March or April of the Gregorian calendar . The day is observed by drawing colorful patterns on floor called kolamulus ( Telugu : Muggulu , Kannada : Rangoli ) , mango leaf decorations on doors called toranalu ( Kannada : Torana ) , buying and giving gifts such as new clothes , giving charity to the poor , special bath followed by oil treatment , preparing and sharing a special food called pachadi , and visiting Hindu temples . The pachadi is a notable festive food that combines all flavors – sweet , sour , salty , bitter . In the Telugu and Kannada Hindu traditions , it is a symbolic reminder that one must expect all flavors of experiences in the coming new year and make the most of them . Ugadi has been important and historic festival of the Hindus , with medieval texts and inscriptions recording major charitable donations to Hindu temples and community centers on this day . The same day is observed as a New Year by Hindus in many other parts of India . For example , it is called Gudi Padwa in Maharashtra , but sometimes observed a Gregorian day earlier because the lunar day starts and ends in Hindu calendar according to the position of the moon . In Karnataka , the festival is celebrated as Yugadi .

Noordeloos is a town in the Dutch province of South Holland . It is a part of the municipality of Giessenlanden , and lies about north of Gorinchem . In 2013 , the town of Noordeloos had 1816 inhabitants . The built - up area of the town was 0.14 km² , and contained 300 residences . The statistical area " Noordeloos " , which also can include the peripheral parts of the village , as well as the surrounding countryside , has a population of around 370 . Noordeloos was a separate municipality until 1986 , when it became part of Giessenlanden . Nordeloos is the name of a small village in Ottawa County , Michigan . It was created in the mid-1800s by Dutch settlers ( who , at the time were also settling in nearby Holland and Zeeland ) and was named after the original Dutch town .

The Kaiser Aluminum Hour is a dramatic anthology television series which was broadcast in prime time in the United States during the 1956 - 57 season by NBC . The Kaiser Aluminum Hour was shown on alternate Tuesday nights at 9:30 pm Eastern time in rotation with the longer - running Armstrong Circle Theatre , with the first broadcast airing on July 3 , 1956 and the final one on June 18 , 1957 . As can be surmised from the title , the program was sponsored by the Kaiser Aluminum Company . Unlike low - budget anthology series such as Fireside Theater , The Kaiser Aluminum Hour featured many well - known Hollywood actors of the era , including Paul Newman ( who appeared in the first telecast , Army Game ) , Ralph Bellamy , MacDonald Carey , Hume Cronyn , Robert Culp , Kim Hunter , William Shatner , Forrest Tucker , Jack Warden , Dennis Hopper , and Natalie Wood .

Renzo Montagnani ( 11 September 1930 – 22 May 1997 ) was an Italian film and theatre actor and dubber . Montagnani was born in Alessandria , Piedmont , and debuted as theatre actor thanks to the help of Erminio Macario . His first cinema success was his dramatic role in Metello ( 1970 ) , but he later switched to the commedia all'italiana with his roles in the last two chapters of the Amici miei series ( 1982 and 1985 ) . In the 1980s he also participated to a TV show as Don Fumino , an easy - speaking Tuscan parish priest . Montagnani also intensively worked as dubber , dubbing actors such as Michel Piccoli , Charles Bronson and Philippe Noiret for the Italian version of movies . In his later years he participated to numerous commedia sexy all'italiana films , often pairing with Edwige Fenech , the most popular actress of the genre , and also with Alvaro Vitali as the comic sidekick . Montagnani died in Rome of cancer in 1997 .

Sunnyside is a historic home located in Aquasco , Prince George 's County , Maryland , United States . It is a five bay wide two - story frame house with a center hall and north and south parlors , facing east on a brick foundation . The building dates to 1844 . The main block of the house is a fine example of a mid-19th century I - house , and possesses a great deal of intact original fabric . The significance of the property is enhanced by the 18th century wing , in good repair and possessing its original hearth with iron fittings . The house and outbuildings are well preserved examples of vernacular southern Maryland architecture dating from the 18th through the mid 19th century . Sunnyside is also significant for its association with its builder , Dr. Michael Jenifer Stone ( II ) ( 1804 - 1877 ) . Descendants of Dr. Stone inhabited the property through 1980 . Dr. Stone , prominent in the Aquasco community and in Prince George 's County , was the son of Michael Jenifer Stone , a member of the United States House of Representatives , and nephew of Thomas Stone , a signer of the United States Declaration of Independence . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987 .

The Medal of Honor was created during the American Civil War and is the highest military decoration presented by the United States government to a member of its armed forces . A recipient must distinguish themselves at the risk of their own life above and beyond the call of duty in action against an enemy of the United States . The medal is presented to the recipient by the President of the United States on behalf of the Congress . Since it was instituted there have been 3,473 recipients ; at least 27 American Jews have received the Medal of Honor for their actions starting in the American Civil War through the Vietnam War . The first recipient of the medal was Benjamin B. Levy of the 1st New York Volunteer infantry for his service at the Battle of Glendale on June 30 1862 . The citation for his medal read : This soldier , a drummer boy , took the gun of a sick comrade , went into the fight , and when the color bearers were shot down , carried the colors and saved them from capture . He was only seventeen years old when he earned his medal . two other recipients were Henry Heller and David Orbansky who both received it for their actions in 1863 during the American Civil War . Samuel Gross was the only Jewish American Marine to receive the medal for his actions in Fort Riviere , Haiti . The last to receive it was Tibor Rubin in 2005 , who was believed to have been overlooked due to discrimination . His medal was for his actions in the Korean War in 1950 , 55 years before he received the medal .

Theóphile Auguste Stahl ( Bergamo , May 23 , 1828 – Alsace , October 30 , 1877 ) or simply Augusto Stahl , as he was known in Brazil , was a French photographer who lived during the 19th century . Born in Bergamo , in Italy , son of a Lutheran priest , Stahl disembarked in Recife on December 31 , 1853 , on board the ship Thames , of the Royal Mail . He operated in Pernambuco until 1861 , moving to Rio de Janeiro and receiving from the emperor D. Pedro II the title of Photographo da Casa Imperial ( Photographer of the Imperial House ) , on April 21 , 1862 . A landscaper photographer , Stahl demonstrated interest for the tropical nature . He also documented the construction of the second Brazilian railway and the visit of Dom Pedro II to Recife , in 1858 . He participated in various expositions of photographies in the 1860s . Stahl is known also for portraiting the everyday life of the Black slave .

" Dozing Green " ( stylized DOZING GREEN ) is a single by Dir En Grey , released on October 24 , 2007 in Japan and across Europe as well as in the iTunes Store until the end of October . The Japanese edition includes two b - sides , " Hydra -666- " and " Agitated Screams of Maggots [ Live ] " . The European release features only " Dozing Green " and " Agitated Screams of Maggots " , while the iTunes release is sold as the title track only . The music video for " Dozing Green " shows cells from The Drifting Classroom by horror manga artist Kazuo Umezu . The music video of " Hydra -666- " can be found on In Weal or Woe . " Dozing Green " is one of the two singles featured on Uroboros , along with " Glass Skin " . Like its counterpart , the song is re - recorded in English for the album . The music video for " Dozing Green " was voted the # 1 video of the year 2008 on the MTV2 show Headbangers Ball .

The heavily glaciated Weißkamm is an Alpine chain that includes the Weißkugel ( ) and Wildspitze ( ) , the two highest peaks in the Ötztal Alps . Starting from the Weißkugel the Weißkamm runs for about 20 kilometres to the northwest towards Sölden . Other ridges branch off the Weißkamm striking northwards . From west to east these are the Glockturmkamm , the Kaunergrat and the Geigenkamm . The Weißkugel is where the Weißkamm joins the Schnalskamm , which runs in an easterly direction . The Gepatschferner and the Mittelbergferner are the two largest glaciers in the Ötztal Alps ; both are situated in the area of the Weißkamm . Together with the Kesselwandferner , Vernagtferner and Taschachferner they form an almost unbroken ice sheet . Apart from the Weißkugel and the Wildspitze , other important summits on the Weißkamm are the Fluchtkogel ( ) , the Hochvernagtspitze ( ) , the Hinterer Brunnenkogel ( ) and the Hinterer Brochkogel ( )

Proteus is a 2013 exploration and walking simulator video game created and designed by Ed Key and David Kanaga for Microsoft Windows , OS X , Linux , PlayStation 3 and PlayStation Vita . It allows the player to freely explore a procedurally - generated environment , without predetermined goals . The world 's flora and fauna emit unique musical signatures , combinations of which cause dynamic shifts in audio , based on the player 's surroundings . The game began development in 2008 under game designer Ed Key , joined by audio designer and composer David Kanaga in 2010 . Key first conceived Proteus as an open - ended role - playing game akin to ; but , because of the work required for such a project , the team redesigned it to be " nontraditional and nonviolent " . The PlayStation 3 and Vita versions of Proteus were developed by Curve Studios , whose team added extra features to the Vita edition at Sony 's behest . Proteus won the prize for Best Audio at the 2011 Indiecade awards , and it was a finalist for the 2012 Independent Games Festival 's Nuovo Award . Its original and PlayStation releases were well received by critics , who praised the use of audio . However , certain reviewers disliked the game 's brevity and limited replayability .

Garmendia is the surname of a family of the Basque Country region of Guipuzcoa , in Spain . The surname means " wheat mountain " ( gar ' wheat ' , mendi ' mountain ' ) , after Garmendia de Iraurgui , later known as Salvatierra de Iraurgui , later the site of the cities of Azpeitia and Azkoitia . As almost every basque family , Garmendia enjoys the status of hidalgo , of ancient origin , previous to the Reconquista . The family spread out of the Basque Country to the rest of Spain and , during colonization , to Argentina , Chile , United States , Mexico and Cuba . The coat of arms of some of its bearers is Argent , a boar sable , running away from a hunter , who injures it with a lance sable tipped azure , upon a hill vert with a tree vert .

Vasileios Reppas (; born November 4 , 1988 in Athens ) is a Greek amateur track cyclist . He has won the men 's sprint title at the 2007 Greek national championships , and later represented his nation Greece at the 2008 Summer Olympics . Reppas qualified for the Greek squad in two track cycling events at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing by receiving a berth for his team based on the nation 's selection process from the UCI Track World Rankings . Teaming with Athanasios Mantzouranis and Panagiotis Voukelatos in the men 's sprint race , held on the first day of track cycling , Reppas recorded a time of 45.645 and a speed of 59.152   km / h to deliver the Greek trio a tenth - place finish in the prelims . The following day , in the men 's individual sprint , Reppas posted a nineteenth - place time of 10.966 and an average speed of 65.657   km / h for his flying , 200 m opening time trial , narrowly missing out the first round matches by four tenths of a second ( 0.4 ) .

Como ( , ; , or ; ) is a city and comune in Lombardy , Italy . It is the administrative capital of the Province of Como . Its proximity to Lake Como and to the Alps has made Como a tourist destination , and the city contains numerous works of art , churches , gardens , museums , theatres , parks and palaces : the Duomo , seat of the Diocese of Como ; the Basilica of Sant'Abbondio ; the Villa Olmo ; the public gardens with the Tempio Voltiano ; the Teatro Sociale ; the Broletto or the city 's medieval town hall ; and the 20th century Casa del Fascio . With 215,320 overnight guests , in 2013 Como was the fourth most visited city in Lombardy after Milan , Bergamo and Brescia . Como was the birthplace of many historical figures , including the poet Caecilius mentioned by Catullus in the 1st century BCE , writers Pliny the Elder and Pliny the Younger , Pope Innocent XI , scientist Alessandro Volta , and Cosima Liszt , second wife of Richard Wagner and long - term director of the Bayreuth Festival .

The Australian Fabians ( also known as the Australian Fabian Society ) was established in 1947 . Inspired by the Fabian Society in the United Kingdom , it is dedicated to Fabianism , the focus on the advancement of socialist ideas through gradual influence and patiently promoting socialist ideals to intellectual circles and groups with power . An earlier experiment with Fabianism in Australia was initiated in Adelaide in 1891 by the Rev Charles Marson , who had joined the Fabians in London in 1885 and drew in trade unionists like David Charleston , Robert Guthrie and John McPherson as well as social reformers like James & Lucy Morice into the first overseas branch of the UK Fabian Society . The Australian members retained their membership for ten years until the Adelaide branch was wound up in 1902 . The Australian Fabians have historically had close ties with the Australian Labor Party ( ALP ) . This is evidenced by the number of past ALP prime ministers , federal ministers and state premiers who were active members of the Australian Fabians while in office . The role of patron of the Australian Fabians is filled by media and Social Commentator and progressive thinker , Eva Cox , but was previously filled by former Australian prime minister , the late Gough Whitlam . This is a temporary arrangement and the position will be filled when an appropriate person to fund and uphold the society 's values is found . The Australian Fabians have had a significant influence on public policy development in Australia since the Second World War , with many of its members having held influential political offices in Australian governments .

Three Forms ( BH 72 ) is an abstract sculpture by Barbara Hepworth , completed in 1935 . The sculpture was one of the first works completed by Hepworth after the birth of her triplets with Ben Nicholson in October 1934 . It marks a point of departure in her style : her earlier abstract works are based on the human form , but Three Forms is more purely abstract , reduced to simple geometric shapes with little colour . Her subsequent work continued in a more formal , abstract and non - representational vein . Hepworth wrote in 1952 that she became " absorbed in the relationships in space , in size and texture and weight , as well as the tensions between forms " . The work consists of three rounded elements positioned on a flat rectangular base , all in polished Seravezza marble ( largely white , but small brown marks , grey flecks , and pale grey graining are visible on close inspection ) . Each element has a precise shape and size , and they are arranged in a similarly precise triangular relationship . The original base has been replaced , but the spatial arrangement of each element remains the same , with a spherical element placed at a distance from two larger and elongated oval forms , the smaller of which lies flat and the larger of which rests on its long edge , both aligned with the longer edge of the rectangular base . The diameter of the sphere reflects one of the dimensions of both larger elements , each of which also shares a dimension of ( 1.5 times as large ) . The medium spheroid measures and the larger one is . Each object was shaped by hand and so is slightly imperfect . The choice of three forms - two alike and one different - may be connected with the birth of Hepworth 's triplets - two girls and one boy . The abstract sculpture in a pure white recalls the contemporary architecture of Le Corbusier , and may also have been inspired by Hepworth 's visits to the studios of Brancusi and Arp on a visit to France with Nicholson in 1932 . Hepworth later accepted criticism from physicist John Desmond Bernal that the elements are all positively curved , and suggested that the work could have been improved by the sphere being replaced by a cylinder . The whole work measures and weighs . It was exhibited at the " 7&5 " exhibition in 1935 and the " Abstract and Concrete Art " exhibition in 1936 . It was bought from Hepworth by Mr and Mrs J.R. Marcus Brumwell in late 1935 , who donated it to the Tate Gallery in 1964 . It is now displayed at Tate Britain .

Roald Zinnurovich Sagdeev ( , born 26 December 1932 ) is a Soviet and Russian expert in plasma physics and a former director of the Space Research Institute of the USSR Academy of Sciences . He was also a science advisor to the Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev . Sagdeev graduated from Moscow State University . He is a member of the Russian Academy of Sciences . He has worked at the University of Maryland , College Park since 1989 in the University of Maryland College of Computer , Mathematical , and Natural Sciences . He is also currently a Senior Advisor at the Albright Stonebridge Group , a global strategy firm , where he assists clients with issues involving Russia and countries in the former Soviet Union . Sagdeev was married to , and divorced from , Susan Eisenhower , granddaughter of Dwight D. Eisenhower . Sagdeev was the recipient of the 2003 Carl Sagan Memorial Award , and the James Clerk Maxwell Prize in Plasma Physics ( 2001 ) .

Michael Meeropol ( born Michael Rosenberg on March 10 , 1943 ) is a retired professor of economics . He is the older son of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg . Born in New York City , as Michael Rosenberg , Meeropol spent his early childhood living in New York and attending local school there . His father Julius , an electrical engineer , and mother Ethel ( née Greenglass ) , a union organizer , were members of the Communist Party . When Michael was seven years old , his parents were arrested . In 1951 , they were convicted and sentenced to death for conspiracy to commit espionage and related to the passing atomic secrets to the Soviet Union . After two years during which they both maintained their innocence and a world wide campaign for executive clemency raged , they were executed in June of 1953 .

Gary Hall , also known as Shequida Hall or mononymously as Shequida , is a classically trained opera singer , songwriter , playwright , and drag artist , born in Jamaica . He attended Juilliard , where he studied with noted bass - baritone Simon Estes . As the female character Shequida , he has been the USA Network 's spokesperson for Latin America . From 1997 to 1998 he played Wendi Mercury on the daytime television show One Life to Live . He starred in Daron Hagen 's Vera of Las Vegas for its world premier in 2003 . His Off - Broadway show , Opera for Dummies , garnered a positive review in The Boston Phoenix , and was nominated for a GLAAD Media Award . In 2008 , Shequida appeared on the TV reality competition America 's Got Talent , getting into the Top 40 for the third season , but was eliminated , later saying in an interview that the experience " was very weird . " Shequida has headlined in a summer show in Cherry Grove , New York in 2013 and 2014 .

Giovanni Gussone ( 8 February 1787 , Villamaina – 14 January 1866 , Naples ) was an Italian academic and botanist , remembered for his work in plant taxonomy and his research of Sicilian flora . He studied medicine in Naples , where he came under the influence of botanist Michele Tenore . Following graduation in 1811 , he worked under Tenore as a manager of the Orto Botanico di Napoli ( botanical garden in Naples ) . In 1817 he moved to Sicily , where he was appointed director of the botanical garden at Boccadifalco , outside of Palermo . In Sicily , he conducted extensive investigations of the island 's flora , publishing two major works as a result , " Florae Siculae Prodromus " and " Florae Siculae Synopsis " . In 1827 he returned to Naples as superintendent of the botanical gardens . In 1861 he was named by Victor Emmanuel as professor emeritus of the University of Naples . Plants with the specific epithet of gussonei are named in his honor , an example being Petagnaea gussonei .

This is a list of European basketball players who have played in the United States at either professional or NCAA Division I level . It is intended to include players who are currently active , whether inside or outside the U.S. , and former players ( both living and deceased ) . For the purpose of this article , a " European player in the United States " is defined as a citizen of a FIBA Europe member country who was playing in the U.S. while a citizen of said country . Examples of players who do not fall within this definition are : Howard Carter , who became a naturalized citizen of France after having played professionally in that country , and never played in the U.S. while a French citizen . Jeff Taylor , whose story is similar to that or Carter , except that his eventual country of citizenship was Sweden . However , his son Jeffery , born in Sweden as a dual citizen of both the U.S. and Sweden , is listed . Kelenna Azubuike , who despite being born and raised in the United Kingdom has never held British citizenship . He was born a Nigerian citizen . In addition , NBA players are considered to be playing in the United States even if they have played only for a Canada - based team ( currently the Toronto Raptors , and in the past the Vancouver Grizzlies and Toronto Huskies ) . If a player is listed as being a dual citizen , his or her country of birth is indicated first .

Aigars Kriķis ( August 28 , 1954 , Riga – February 15 , 1999 ) was a Latvian Soviet luger who competed during the late 1970s . He won the gold medal at the men 's doubles ( together with Dainis Bremze ) event at the 1978 FIL World Luge Championships in Imst , Austria . Kriķis also won a bronze medal in the men 's doubles event at the 1976 FIL European Luge Championships in Hammarstrand , Sweden . Kriķis also finished eighth in the men 's doubles event at the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck . Born in Riga , Latvia . He started his career at the age of 14 . Kriķis was a triple USSR Champion in Men 's Doubles from 1973 to 1975 .

The Glasscock County Courthouse is an historic courthouse building located in Garden City , Glasscock County , Texas . Built in 1909 to 1910 at a cost of $ 28,000 , it was designed by Georgia - born American architect Edward Columbus Hosford , who is noted for the courthouses and other buildings that he designed in Florida , Georgia and Texas . It was built of granite and rusticated stone with gable front porticoes on all sides , each of which is supported by four 2-story Doric columns . Unlike the Mason County Courthouse also designed by Hosford and built at the same time for $ 39,786 , the Glasscock County Courthouse has no clock tower cupola in the center of its roof and its side porticoes are smaller than the other two . The prior courthouse , a small 2-story stone building , still stands on the property . It was used as a jail after the present courthouse was built but is now closed .

The Great Garrick is a 1937 American historical comedy film directed by James Whale and starring Brian Aherne , Olivia de Havilland , and Edward Everett Horton . The film also features Lionel Atwill , Luis Alberni , Melville Cooper , and future star Lana Turner , who has a bit part . Based on the play Ladies and Gentlemen by Ernest Vajda , the film is about the famous eighteenth century British actor David Garrick , who travels to France for a guest appearance at the Comédie Française . When the French actors hear rumours that he said he will teach them the art of acting , they devise a plot to teach him a lesson . Though often overlooked by critics in favor of Whale 's horror films , The Great Garrick was chosen by Jonathan Rosenbaum for his alternative list of the Top 100 American Films .

Victoria has the highest density of roads of any state in Australia . Unlike Australia 's other mainland states where vast areas are very sparsely inhabited , Victoria has population centres spread out over most of the state , with only the far north - west and the Victorian Alps without permanent settlement . Population centres are linked by high quality highways and freeways . The state capital , Melbourne , has the most extensive freeway network in Australia . VicRoads is responsible for road planning , motor vehicle registration , and driver licensing in Victoria . The Victorian government has set up a framework for the integration of transport facilities in the State . A number of private companies operate toll roads in the state . Roads in Victoria are shared by a multitude of modes of transport , ranging from trucks to bicycles , public buses , trams , taxis as well as private cars of all types . Road safety is a primary concern of road authorities , including the police and government . Victoria was the first jurisdiction in the world to introduce compulsory seat belt legislation . Other measures introduced are drunk driving laws and speed cameras . Victorian road laws are constantly reviewed . The number of road fatalities recorded in Victoria for the year up to June 2011 was reported to be " significantly higher " than it was for the same period in 2010 .

Dhangadhi ( ) is a sub - metropolitan city and the district headquarters of Kailali District in Sudurpashchim Pradesh of Nepal . It shares a border with Uttar Pradesh , India in the south , Godawari and Gauriganga Municipality in the North , Kailari Rural Municipality in the east and Kanchanpur District in the west . Dhangadhi is a sub - metropolis divided into 19 wards . It has a population of about 147,181 and thus is the 10th biggest city of Nepal . It has an area of 261.75   km . It is one of the major cities of far - western region of Nepal along with Bhimdatta . Dhangadhi was established in 1976 . It became the first sub - metropolitan city in the far - west after it was upgraded to a sub - metropolis from municipality status on 18 September 2015 as the village development committees Fulbari and Urma were merged into Dhangadhi .

Timo Werner (; born 6 March 1996 ) is a German professional footballer who plays as a forward for RB Leipzig and the Germany national team . Upon making his senior debut in 2013 , Werner became the youngest player ever to represent VfB Stuttgart and later became the club 's youngest ever goalscorer . He made over 100 appearances for the club before joining RB Leipzig in 2016 . He also holds the records for being the youngest player to reach 100 and 150 Bundesliga appearances , as well as being the youngest player to score two goals in a top - flight match in Germany . A prolific goalscorer at youth international level , Werner made his senior debut for Germany in 2017 . In the same year , he helped Germany claim the 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup where his return of three goals earned him the tournament 's Golden Boot award .

Kamboji is a 2017 Indian Malayalam - language musical thriller film written and directed by Vinod Mankara . The film stars Vineeth and Lakshmi Gopalaswamy in the lead roles , and Sona Nair and Rachana Narayanankutty in supporting roles . The film 's score and soundtrack was composed by M. Jayachandran . The story is based on a true incident that took place in Malabar regions in the 1970s . In a small village in Palakkad district of Kerala , Kunjunni ( Vineeth ) , a Kathakali artiste and Uma Antharjanam ( Lakshmi ) , a Mohiniyattam dancer unites and their passion towards their art blossoms into love , but a tragedy strikes in the form of a murder . Principal photography was held in Varikkassery Mana in Palakkad . Kamboji received five Kerala State Film Awards .

Solidago spithamaea is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Blue Ridge goldenrod . It is native to a very small region around the border between North Carolina and Tennessee in the United States . Its three remaining populations are threatened by the loss and degradation of its habitat . It is a federally listed threatened species of the United States . Solidago spithamaea produces one or more stems from an underground rhizome and caudex , and it grows 10 to 40 centimeters ( 4 - 14 inches ) tall . The plant has an unpleasant scent . The leaves vary in shape and size , the ones higher on the stem becoming smaller . The inflorescence is a compact or spreading array of 15 to 50 or more flower heads . Each head has a bell - shaped base about half a centimeter ( 0.2 inches ) long which is lined with phyllaries with pointed , darkened tips . The head contains 8 - 15 yellow ray florets just a few millimeters long , surrounding 20 - 60 disc florets . The fruit is an achene with a pappus of bristles . Solidago spithamaea grows on the high summits of the Blue Ridge Mountains in western North Carolina and eastern Tennessee . There is one population each in Avery and Mitchell Counties in North Carolina and Carter County , Tennessee , a region measuring about 15 square miles ( 38   km ) . It can be found on Grandfather Mountain , Hanging Rock , and Roan Mountain . It grows on rocky peaks , cliffs , and slopes covered in talus . The habitat is mostly barren and exposed to full sun and harsh winter weather . This is one of several goldenrods that are relict species , plants that were more common when conditions were colder and wetter . As glaciers receded , the area became warmer and drier , and plants such as this goldenrod were left in areas that most resemble the alpine climate to which it was adapted . It now persists in the high mountain peaks that have the harshest winter conditions . Few of the relict goldenrods remain as far south as this one . Other plants in this barren habitat include mainly grasses and sedges , but there are some other rare mountain herbs and trees including Heller 's blazingstar ( Liatris helleri ) , red spruce ( Picea rubens ) , cliff avens ( Geum radiatum ) , sandmyrtle ( Kalmia buxifolia ) . The very habitat where the plant persists is an area popular for hiking and sightseeing , and much of it has been converted to roads , trails , parking lots , and other utilities . Remaining habitat is vulnerable to trampling . Other threats include acid precipitation and climate change .

Hans Meiser ( 16 February 1881 , Nuremberg - 8 June 1956 , Munich ) was a German Protestant theologian , pastor and from 1933 to 1955 the first ' Landesbischof ' of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Bavaria . Today Meiser 's political stance between 1933 and 1945 is intensely studied and debated within the parameters of Germany 's Culture of Remembrance . In his unsuccessful attempt to maintain his ' landeskirche ' and its independence he decided to make several compromises with the Nazi state . His attitude towards Judaism is also controversial in light of studies of the Shoah . Theologically , Meiser was in the tradition of Wilhelm Loehe , supporting a single church with a single clear Lutheran confessional identity . Unlike other Bavarian theology professors such as Werner Elert , Paul Althaus and Hermann Sasse , Meiser explicitly recognized the Barmen Theological Declaration and engaged with the links it brought to Unitarians and the Reformed Church . His confessional orientation aligned him with Theophil Wurm and divided him from Martin Niemöller .

Overwatch is a team - based first - person shooter developed by Blizzard Entertainment and released for Microsoft Windows , PlayStation 4 , and Xbox One in June 2016 . The game , while having several different play modes , generally features two teams of six players each , selecting pre - made heroes from the game 's roster , to either attack or defend various objective points on the game 's maps . The game supports causal game modes as well as ranked competitive play . Since release , Overwatch has been both critically and financially successful , with a player base of 35 million players as of October 2017 . The development of Overwatch started in the fallout following Blizzard 's decision to cancel continued development of the massively multiplayer online role - playing game Titan around 2013 . After most of the rest of the team was transferred to other projects , the remaining team members , led by director Jeff Kaplan , came up with the concept of a team - based shooter that borrowed elements from other online shooters like Team Fortress 2 and multiplayer online battle arenas . Many of Overwatchs early assets were borrowed from Titan to obtain a proof - of - concept to greenlight further development . The consequences of Titans cancellation also led into creating a narrative of an optimistic near - future setting for the game , taking place some decades after the formation of the peacekeeping Overwatch team , created in response to a robotic uprising known as the Omnic War . Since release , the Overwatch developments continue to produce more content , released free for all , for the title , including new hero characters , maps , game modes , seasonal events , customization options for the characters , and external media such as digital comics and shorts to help support the narrative and character 's backstories . Blizzard has also made changes to make Overwatch more compatible for professional eSports , including support for its Overwatch League that started its first season in January 2018 .

Annia Galeria Aurelia Faustina ( c. 151-after 165 ) was the eldest child of the Roman emperor Marcus Aurelius and his wife , Faustina the Younger . Her younger sister was Lucilla and her younger brother was Commodus . Her maternal grandparents were Antoninus Pius and Faustina the Elder , while her paternal grandparents were Domitia Lucilla and praetor Marcus Annius Verus . She was born and raised in Rome . The parents of Faustina betrothed her to Gnaeus Claudius Severus , whom she later married after 159 . Gnaeus Claudius Severus was a Roman Senator of Pontian Greek descent that came from Pompeiopolis , a city in the Roman province of Galatia . After Faustina married Claudius Severus , they settled in Pompeiopolis . Faustina bore Claudius Severus a son , Tiberius Claudius Severus Proculus , who served as consul in 200 .

Why Did n't They Ask Evans ? is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie , first published in the United Kingdom by the Collins Crime Club in September 1934 and in the United States by Dodd , Mead and Company in 1935 under the title of The Boomerang Clue . The UK edition retailed at seven shillings and sixpence ( 7/6 ) and the US edition at $ 2.00 . Bobby Jones finds a man dying at his local golf course . A photo he saw in the man 's pocket is replaced , as police seek his identity . Bobby and his friend Lady Frances Derwent have adventures as they solve the mystery of the man 's last words , Why did n't they ask Evans ? The novel was praised at first publication as " a story that tickles and tantalises " , and that the reader is sure to like the amateur detectives and forgive the absence of Poirot . It had a lively narrative , full of action , with two amateur detectives who " blend charm and irresponsibility with shrewdness and good luck " . Robert Barnard , writing in 1990 , called it " Lively " but compared it to Evelyn Waugh 's Vile Bodies and felt that the detectives were too much the amateurs .

James Fraser Mustard , ( October 16 , 1927 – November 16 , 2011 ) was a Canadian doctor and renowned researcher in early childhood development . Born , raised and educated in Toronto , Ontario , Mustard began his career as a research fellow at the University of Toronto where he studied the effects of blood lipids , their relation to heart disease and how Aspirin could mitigate those effects . He published the first clinical trial showing that aspirin could prevent heart attacks and strokes . In 1966 , he was one of the founding faculty members at McMaster University 's newly established medical school . He was the Dean of the Faculty of Health Sciences and the medical school at McMaster University from 1972 - 1982 . In 1982 , he helped found the Canadian Institute for Advanced Research and served as its founding president , serving until 1996 . He wrote several papers and studies on early childhood development , including a report used by the Ontario Government that helped create a province - wide full - day kindergarten program . He won many awards including being made a companion of the Order of Canada – the order 's highest level – and was inducted into the Canadian Medical Hall of Fame . He died November 16 , 2011 .

Truthiness is the belief or assertion that a particular statement is true based on the intuition or perceptions of some individual or individuals , without regard to evidence , logic , intellectual examination , or facts . Truthiness can range from ignorant assertions of falsehoods to deliberate duplicity or propaganda intended to sway opinions . The concept of truthiness has emerged as a major subject of discussion surrounding U.S. politics during the 1990s and 2000s because of the perception among some observers of a rise in propaganda and a growing hostility toward factual reporting and fact - based discussion . American television comedian Stephen Colbert coined the term truthiness in this meaning as the subject of a segment called " The Wørd " during the pilot episode of his political satire program The Colbert Report on October 17 , 2005 . By using this as part of his routine , Colbert satirized the misuse of appeal to emotion and " gut feeling " as a rhetorical device in contemporaneous socio - political discourse . He particularly applied it to U.S. President George W. Bush 's nomination of Harriet Miers to the Supreme Court and the decision to invade Iraq in 2003 . Colbert later ascribed truthiness to other institutions and organizations , including Wikipedia . Colbert has sometimes used a Dog Latin version of the term , " Veritasiness " . For example , in Colbert 's " Operation Iraqi Stephen : Going Commando " the word " Veritasiness " can be seen on the banner above the eagle on the operation 's seal . Truthiness was named Word of the Year for 2005 by the American Dialect Society and for 2006 by Merriam - Webster . Linguist and OED consultant Benjamin Zimmer pointed out that the word truthiness already had a history in literature and appears in the Oxford English Dictionary ( OED ) , as a derivation of truthy , and The Century Dictionary , both of which indicate it as rare or dialectal , and to be defined more straightforwardly as " truthfulness , faithfulness " . Responding to claims by Michael Adams that the word already existed with a different meaning , Colbert said , " Truthiness is a word I pulled right out of my keister " .

The romanization of Serbian or latinization of Serbian is the representation of the Serbian language using Latin letters . Serbian is written in two alphabets , the Serbian Cyrillic alphabet , a variation of Cyrillic and the Serbian Latin alphabet , a variation of the Latin alphabet . The Serbian language is an example of Digraphia . However , Gaj 's Latin alphabet is also very widely used in Serbia as the second alphabet . The two are almost directly and completely interchangeable . Romanization can be done with no errors , but in some cases knowledge of Serbian is required to do proper transliteration from Latin back to Cyrillic . Standard Serbian uses both alphabets currently . A survey from 2014 showed that 47 % of the Serbian population favors the Latin alphabet whereas 36 % favors the Cyrillic one . Apart from Serbian , Gaj 's Latin alphabet is also used in Bosnian and Croatian standards of Serbo - Croatian . Another standard of Serbo - Croatian , Montenegrin , uses a slightly modified version of it .

Péter Bacsó ( 6 January 1928 – 11 March 2009 ) was a Hungarian film director and screenwriter . After high school graduation Bacsó wanted to become an actor and later a theatre director , but ultimately decided to try filmmaking . His first job in a film was as an assistant in Géza Radványi 's Valahol Európában ( Somewhere in Europe ) at the age of 19 . He continued as a script editor and screenwriter . He graduated at the Hungarian School of Theatrical- and Film Arts in 1950 . At the time he was already a familiar face in studios . He was a successful screenwriter during the 1950s before beginning to direct films a decade later . He made his first feature film , Nyáron egyszerű in 1963 . He made his most famous film , A tanú ( The Witness ) in 1969 , but it was banned at the time and was n't released until 1979 . The film became a cult classic in Hungary ; it is a political satire about the early-1950s Communist regime . Bacsó later continued to make mostly political and satirical films , for a wider audience . He made various genre films , trying his hand in musicals , comedies , etc . He continued filmmaking up to his later years , however his last two films were generally dismissed by critics and the public alike as badly written and low quality works . His 2001 film Hamvadó cigarettavég ( Smouldering Cigarette ) was a biopic of Hungarian actress and singer Katalin Karády . His 2008 film Virtually a Virgin was entered into the 30th Moscow International Film Festival .

Religion in Iceland has been predominantly Christian since its adoption as the state religion by the Althing under the influence of Olaf Tryggvason , the king of Norway , in 999/1000 CE . Before that , between the 9th and 10th century , the prevailing religion among the early Icelanders ( mostly Norwegian settlers fleeing Harald Fairhair 's monarchical centralisation in 872–930 ) was the northern Germanic religion , which persisted for centuries even after the official Christianisation of the state . Starting in the 1530s , Iceland , originally Catholic and under the Danish crown , formally switched to Lutheranism with the Icelandic Reformation , which culminated in 1550 . The Lutheran Church of Iceland has remained since then the country 's state church . Freedom of religion has been granted to the Icelanders since 1874 . The Church of Iceland is supported by the government , but all registered religions receive support from a church tax ( sóknargjald ) paid by taxpayers over the age of sixteen . Since the late 20th century , and especially the early 21st century , religious life in Iceland has become more diverse , with a decline of Christianity , the rise of unaffiliated people , and the emergence of new religions , notably Heathenry , in Iceland also called Ásatrú , which seeks to reconstruct the Germanic folk religion . A large part of the population remain members of the Church of Iceland , but are actually irreligious and atheists , as demonstrated by demoscopic analyses .

Saidai Samiyappan Duraisamy ( born 16 February 1952 ) is an Indian politician and , , was a former Mayor of the Corporation of Chennai . He is the first All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam ( AIADMK ) candidate to become the Mayor of Chennai . He is the also the founder and Chairman of Manidhaneyam , a free coaching academy for the aspirants of the Civil Services Examination , in Tamil Nadu . Duraisamy was elected to the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly in 1984 from Saidapet . He stayed away from politics after the demise of M. G. Ramachandran .. He contested the 2011 assembly elections as a candidate for the AIADMK from the Kolathur constituency , which he lost . He contested the mayoral election of Chennai corporation , and became the first AIADMK mayor of the city , in October 2011 , winning the election by a margin of over 5.19 lakh votes . He took the oath of office on 25 October .

The Adelaide Rams were an Australian professional rugby league football club based in Adelaide , South Australia . The team was formed in 1995 for the planned rebel Super League competition , which eventually ran parallel to the rival Australian Rugby League ( ARL ) competition in 1997 . The Rams lasted two seasons , the first in the Super League competition in 1997 and the second in the first season of the National Rugby League ( NRL ) in 1998 . The Rams were not a successful club , winning only 13 out of 42 games . However crowd numbers in the first season were the fifth highest of any first - grade club that year , but dwindled to sixteenth in the second season . The Adelaide club was shut down at the end of the 1998 season as a result of poor on - field performances , dwindling crowd numbers , financial losses and a reduction in the number of teams in the NRL . They remain the only team from the state of South Australia to have participated in top - level rugby league in Australia .

Thomas Simon ( c. 1623 – 1665 ) , English medalist , was born , according to Vertue , in Yorkshire about 1623 . Simon studied engraving under Nicholas Briot , and about 1635 received a post in connection with the Royal Mint . In 1645 he was appointed by the parliament joint chief engraver along with Edward Wade , and , having executed the great seal of the Commonwealth and dies for the coinage , he was promoted to be chief engraver to the mint and seals . He produced several fine portrait medals of Oliver Cromwell , one of which is copied from a miniature by Samuel Cooper . After the Restoration Simon was appointed engraver of the king 's seals . On the occasion of his contest with the brothers John , Joseph and Philip Roettiers , who were employed by the mint in 1662 , Simon produced his celebrated crown of Charles II , on the margin of which he engraved a petition to the king . This is usually considered his masterpiece . He is believed to have died of the plague in London in 1665 . A volume of The Medals , Coins , Great Seals and other Works of Thomas Simon , engraved and described by George Vertue , was published in 1753 . He worked together with his brother Abraham Simon .

The Chaser APEC pranks were a series of comic stunts that targeted the Asia - Pacific Economic Cooperation ( APEC ) Leaders Summit ( 2–9 September 2007 ) , in Sydney , Australia . They were coordinated and performed by the Australian satire group The Chaser for the television series The Chaser 's War on Everything . The most prominent prank was the breach of an APEC restricted zone in the heart of Sydney central business district on 6 September . Julian Morrow directed a fake Canadian motorcade , which was allowed through the restricted zone by police and not detected until Chas Licciardello alighted , dressed as Osama bin Laden . Although pranks that involved public locations , figures , and organisations were always a feature of the series , the APEC pranks yielded unprecedented local and international publicity , both positive and negative . Some team members faced charges for breaching the APEC zone , but these were dropped because police had allowed their entry into the restricted zone . Other less controversial and less publicised stunts were also shown on The Chaser 's War on Everything , with ratings peaking at almost three million Australian viewers for the APEC wrap - up episode .

Patricia Russell , Countess Russell ( 1910 – 2004 ) was the third wife of philosopher Bertrand Russell , and a significant contributor to his book A History of Western Philosophy . Countess Russell was born Marjorie Helen Spence in 1910 . As her parents had always wanted a boy , she was known as ' Peter ' . She met Bertrand Russell in 1930 when she was a twenty - year - old undergraduate at the University of Oxford , hired by Russell 's second wife Dora Black as a governess . They had an affair and were married at the Midhurst register office on 18 January 1936 . They had one son , Conrad Sebastian Robert Russell , 5th Earl Russell , who became a prominent historian and one of the leading figures in the Liberal Democrat party . They had an acrimonious separation in 1949 .

The New Market Wizards is a book by Jack D. Schwager published on January 26 , 1992 by HarperCollins . The format is very similar to his 1988 Market Wizards , with a new selection of interviews with super - traders . As in the previous volume , Schwager starts with a frank discussion of his own trading experience , followed by a surprising diversion comparing Saddam Hussein 's invasion of Kuwait with a trade that went wrong . The rest of the book is broken into five parts including interviews with different types of traders and brief discussions of the lessons to be learnt from them , plus a part on trading psychology and a final part summarising the wisdom gained from all of the interviewees in 42 golden rules .

Shankar Family & Friends ( stylised as Shankar Family Friends on the album cover ) is an album by Indian musician Ravi Shankar , recorded primarily in Los Angeles during the spring of 1973 , but not released until late 1974 . It was produced by Shankar 's friend George Harrison and one of the first releases on the ex - Beatle 's Dark Horse label . Out of print for many years , and much sought after as a result , the album was remastered in 2010 and reissued as part of the Ravi Shankar – George Harrison box set Collaborations . The title Shankar Family & Friends refers to the group - participation approach to the music , from Shankar 's sister - in - law Lakshmi and son Shubho to a host of " friends " from the Indian subcontinent , Europe and the United States . In a deliberate blend of " East - meets - West " musical styles , other performers include Indian - music pioneers Alla Rakha , Ashish Khan , Shivkumar Sharma and Hariprasad Chaurasia , and Western musicians such as Tom Scott , Emil Richards , Billy Preston , Ringo Starr and Jim Keltner . The album features the Harrison - arranged pop bhajan " I Am Missing You " and a jazz - funk instrumental , " Dispute & Violence " , the latter a part of an intended ballet , titled Dream , Nightmare & Dawn .

Ardhanaari ( 2012 ) is a Malayalam film about the life of transgender people in Kerala . The film is directed by Santhosh Souparnika and produced by M. G. Sreekumar under his production house MG Sound & Frames . Vinayan ( Manoj K. Jayan ) , is a transgender person with male physique and female behavioral traits which leads to ridicule and snide remarks from his brother and others . The film brings out the rituals , customs , angst and preferences of transgender people . The title of the film alludes to the half male and half female Hindu god Ardhanarishvara . Also starring in the film are Maniyanpilla Raju , Thilakan , Sukumari and Saikumar . It was one of the last films featuring Thilakan who died weeks before the release of the film . The film opened to mixed critical reviews but the performance by Manoj K. Jayan as a eunuch gained unanimous appreciation . It is widely considered as one of the finest performances by the actor .

Beatrix A. Hamburg ( October 19 , 1923 – April 15 , 2018 ) was an American psychiatrist whose long career in academic medicine advanced the field of child and adolescent psychiatry . Hamburg was the first African - American to attend Vassar College , and was also the first African - American woman to attend Yale Medical School . Hamburg held professorships at Stanford , Harvard , Mt. Sinai and — most recently — at Weill Cornell Medical College . She was on the President 's Commission on Mental Health under President Jimmy Carter . Hamburg was formerly president of the William T. Grant Foundation , and also directed the child psychiatry divisions at Stanford University and Mount Sinai . She originally , was going to go into pediatric medicine , but instead found herself interested in psychiatry . She has done research on early adolescence , peer counseling , and diabetic children and adolescents . She was a member of the National Academy of Medicine and a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science . She received a Foremother Award for her lifetime of accomplishments from the National Research Center for Women & Families in 2012 . Hamburg was married to David A. Hamburg , an academic physician who has done mental health research , and the two collaborated on many projects during their careers .

Maeve Binchy Snell ( 28 May 1939 – 30 July 2012 ) , known as Maeve Binchy , was an Irish novelist , playwright , short story writer , columnist , and speaker best known for her sympathetic and often humorous portrayal of small - town life in Ireland , her descriptive characters , her interest in human nature , and her often clever surprise endings . Her novels , which were translated into 37 languages , sold more than 40 million copies worldwide , and her death at age 73 , announced by Vincent Browne on Irish television late on 30 July 2012 , was mourned as the death of one of Ireland 's best - loved and most recognisable writers . She appeared in the US market , featuring on The New York Times best - seller list and in Oprah 's Book Club . Recognised for her " total absence of malice " and generosity to other writers , she finished 3rd in a 2000 poll for World Book Day , ahead of Jane Austen , Charles Dickens , and Stephen King .

The Google Assistant is an artificial intelligence - powered virtual assistant developed by Google that is primarily available on mobile and smart home devices . Unlike the company 's previous virtual assistant , Google Now , the Google Assistant can engage in two - way conversations . Assistant initially debuted in May 2016 as part of Google 's messaging app Allo , and its voice - activated speaker Google Home . After a period of exclusivity on the Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones , it began to be deployed on other Android devices in February 2017 , including third - party smartphones and Android Wear ( now Wear OS ) , and was released as a standalone app on the iOS operating system in May. Alongside the announcement of a software development kit in April 2017 , the Assistant has been , and is being , further extended to support a large variety of devices , including cars and smart home appliances . The functionality of the Assistant can also be enhanced by third - party developers . Users primarily interact with the Google Assistant through natural voice , though keyboard input is also supported . In the same nature and manner as Google Now , the Assistant is able to search the Internet , schedule events and alarms , adjust hardware settings on the user 's device , and show information from the user 's Google account . Google has also announced that the Assistant will be able to identify objects and gather visual information through the device 's camera , and support purchasing products and sending money , as well as identifying songs . At CES 2018 , the first Assistant - powered smart displays ( smart speakers with video screens ) were announced , with the first one being released in July 2018 .

Live from Here , formerly known as A Prairie Home Companion with Chris Thile , is an American variety radio show known for its musical guests , especially folk and traditional musicians , tongue - in - cheek radio drama , and relaxed humor . Hosted by Chris Thile , it airs on Saturday evenings and is usually recorded in front of a live audience at the Fitzgerald Theater in St. Paul , Minnesota , although the show frequently goes on tour to New York City and other U.S. cities . The show is derived from the historic A Prairie Home Companion with Garrison Keillor ( APHC ) radio show . The original host , Garrison Keillor , performed his final show in July 2016 , and Thile 's program began on October 15 , 2016 . Thile , an American virtuoso mandolinist and singer - songwriter , had a two decade history with APHC and is known for his work in the folk and progressive bluegrass groups Nickel Creek and Punch Brothers . After two unprecedented guest host spots in 2015 , Keillor decided on his successor , featured Thile as host again in January – February 2016 , and fully ceded his hosting role to Thile in the October 2016 performance at the Fitzgerald Theater in St. Paul , Minnesota , continuing as the show 's Executive Producer . Thile 's new program presents expanded musical and comedic elements , retaining the template of the earlier program ( e.g. , its most recent acting and sound effect cast , and " sponsorships " from fictitious companies ) , but without such features as its earlier signature " Lives of the Cowboys " series and " News from Lake Wobegon " monologue . Reviews of the new program have been uniformly positive , focusing on the remaining familiar elements and on the new music and expanded musical focus brought by the new host . On November 29 , 2017 , in the wake of allegations of misconduct against Keillor , American Public Media announced it would change the show 's name . The new name of the show was announced as Live from Here live on the December 16 , 2017 , broadcast of the show .

Lieven Bauwens ( 14 June 1769 , in Ghent – 17 March 1822 , in Paris ) was a Belgian entrepreneur and industrial spy who was sent to Great Britain at a young age and brought a spinning mule and skilled workers to the European continent . He started textile plants in Paris ( 1799 ) and Ghent ( 1800 ) . In Ghent he was also mayor for one year . As a leading industrial , he was visited by Napoleon in 1810 and awarded the Legion d'Honneur . He is remembered in Flanders for bringing the textile industry , and thereby the Industrial Revolution , there . The spinning mule that was brought to Ghent can still be visited , in the Museum for Industrial Archeology and Textile ( MIAT ) .

Maker - with - Rame ( ) is a civil parish in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom . It is situated on the Rame Peninsula , approximately four miles ( 6.5   km ) south of Saltash and two miles ( 3   km ) west of Plymouth . The parish was formed in 1941 from the ecclesiastical parishes of Maker and Rame . It occupies the eastern end of the Rame peninsula and is surrounded on three sides by sea : the Hamoaze to the north , Plymouth Sound to the east , and the English Channel to the south and southwest . To the west , Maker - with - Rame is bounded by Millbrook civil parish . The population of the parish ( including Anderton ) at the 2011 census was 1,020 . Maker - with - Rame takes its name from its principal villages , Maker and Rame . Other settlements in the parish include Cawsand , Cremyll and Kingsand . The population of the parish at the 2011 census was 977 .

" The Tuxedo Begins " is the eighth episode of the sixth season of the American television comedy series 30 Rock , and the 111th overall episode of the series . It was directed by John Riggi , and written by Josh Siegal and Dylan Morgan . The episode originally aired on the National Broadcasting Company ( NBC ) network in the United States on February 16 , 2012 . Guest stars in this episode include Will Forte and Steve Buscemi . In this episode , Jack Donaghy ( Alec Baldwin ) considers running for mayor of New York City after he is mugged on his way to work ; Liz Lemon ( Tina Fey ) becomes frustrated by increasing disorderly behaviour on the subway and decides to get in on it by imitating a mentally ill elderly woman to scare people away ; and Jenna Maroney ( Jane Krakowski ) and boyfriend Paul ( Will Forte ) consider living normally as a couple as a potential new fetish , but become concerned that they are in fact simply settling down .

The Federal Emergency Management Agency ( FEMA ) is an agency of the United States Department of Homeland Security , initially created by Presidential Reorganization Plan No . 3 of 1978 and implemented by two Executive Orders on April 1 , 1979 . The agency 's primary purpose is to coordinate the response to a disaster that has occurred in the United States and that overwhelms the resources of local and state authorities . The governor of the state in which the disaster occurs must declare a state of emergency and formally request from the president that FEMA and the federal government respond to the disaster . The only exception to the state 's gubernatorial declaration requirement occurs when an emergency or disaster takes place on federal property or to a federal asset — for example , the 1995 bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma , or the Space Shuttle Columbia in the 2003 return - flight disaster . While on - the - ground support of disaster recovery efforts is a major part of FEMA 's charter , the agency provides state and local governments with experts in specialized fields and funding for rebuilding efforts and relief funds for infrastructure by directing individuals to access low - interest loans , in conjunction with the Small Business Administration . In addition to this , FEMA provides funds for training of response personnel throughout the United States and its territories as part of the agency 's preparedness effort .

Since it had been founded in 1921 , FK Željezničar had 56 different coaches or managers . Some of them were named at that position more than once . The club did not have a coach at the beginning . It was before the second season that Adolf Šmit was chosen to be the coach and a player at the same time . Frequent coach changes are not unusual in FK Željezničar . However , there were several coaches that stayed more than the others . Josip Šebalj , Milan Ribar and Ivica Osim are rare examples of long serving managers at the club . FK Željezničar had three foreign managers as well . František Bičiště was from former Czechoslovakia , László Fenyvesi from Hungary and most recently , Jiří Plíšek from Czech Republic . All the others were from Bosnia and Herzegovina or other parts of former Yugoslavia .

Penny Crayon is a children 's television series that was produced for the BBC in the United Kingdom and YTV in Canada . It was first broadcast on BBC One from 14 September 1989 to 1 October 1990 and was made by Maddocks Animation , which had previously produced Jimbo and the Jet - Set and The Family - Ness . Penny Crayon is a twelve episode programme about the adventures of a mischievous schoolgirl who loves to draw . Using the magic crayons she always carries with her she brings everything she draws to life , usually creating a world of chaos for her and best friend Dennis until it 's either rubbed out or washed away . The character of Penny Crayon is voiced by comedy actress Su Pollard and Dennis is voiced by Peter Hawkins .

Ajudhia Nath Khosla ( 11 December 1892   – 1984 ) was an Indian engineer and politician . He was the Chairman of the Central Waterways Irrigation and Navigation Commission of India . Khosla was born in New Delhi , and worked as Vice Chancellor of the University of Roorkee from 1954 to 1959 . He was awarded the Padma Bhushan in 1954 and the Padma Vibhushan in 1977 . He was nominated as member of the Rajya Sabha the Upper house of Indian Parliament in 1958 , but resigned in 1959 and joined the Planning Commission of India . He was the Governor of Odisha from September 1962 to August 1966 and again from September 1966 to January 1968 . He was the president of Indian National Science Academy from 1961 - 62 .

Ter Heijde is a village in the Dutch province of South Holland . It is a part of the municipality of Westland , and lies about 11   km west of The Hague . The area " Ter Heijde " , which also includes the surrounding countryside , has a population of around 690 , mostly elderly people . Ter Heijde is a popular beach - resort . It has a lifeboat station of the KNRM , the Dutch equivalent of the Royal National Lifeboat Institution . Ter Heijde is known for the Battle of Ter Heijde ( also known as The Battle of Scheveningen ) . This was the final battle , in 1653 , of the First Anglo - Dutch War , which saw the death of Admiral Maarten Tromp . In remembrance of the battle there is a monument in the village . In 2003 , 350 years after the battle , the Tromp - festival was held . In 1677 Prince William of Orange and his recently married wife Mary ( the future King William III and Queen Mary II of England ) were forced to land at Ter Heijde , Rotterdam being ice bound .

Brabrand Lake ( ) is a lake in the district of Brabrand ( Gellerup ) , west of Aarhus city , Denmark . The Aarhus River passes through Brabrand Lake and it is possible to canoe all the way to the inner city from here . The lake is oblong - shaped . Since 2003 , Brabrand Lake has been steadily extended 3–4   km further west , with the new lake of Årslev Engsø ( lit . : Årslev meadow - lake ) . In 2001 – 2 , it was politically decided to abandon the artificial draining of the meadows and as of 2013 , Årslev meadow lake has a surface area of around . The total area including adjoining meadows and reed beds totals . It is hoped that Eurasian bittern and otter will find themselves a new home here with time . In everyday parlance , " Brabrand Lake " is a general term including the surroundings as well , indicating a total area of around with for the lake alone . A special Natura2000 protected area under the European Union , Brabrand Lake is home to a large variety of birds and an important resting place for migrating birds , with several towers built to facilitate bird - watching . A public hiking trail surrounds the lake , whose landscape varies from wide meadows and reed beds to dense woods . Privately - owned pastures almost completely surround the lake and are not publicly accessible , but public paths leading to the lake are scattered in between . There are several garden allotments ( " kolonihaver " in Danish ) near Brabrand Lake and it is a popular recreational spot . It is a statutory goal of the Aarhus municipality to make the area publicly accessible and attractive to the public .

Mulla Ali Kani ( , ( 1888 – 1805 ) was an Iranian Shia muslim scholars , philosopher and from individuals Iranian Constitutional Revolution . He was in charge of religious affairs of Iran , and had a great influence on people and even on Naser al - Din Shah Qajar and his court . After the singing of the Reuter concession in 1873 which in practice made Iran a colony of Britain , Mulla Ali Kani wrote a letter to the King , Nasir al - Din Shah , and opposed this contract . He wrote that what Reuter gains through this contract even is more than what Britain gained in India . He also wrote that when there is a flaw in governmental affairs , it is religious scholars ' duty to refer to it whether the king favor this or not and whether tries to correct it or not " and strongly asked the king to cancel the contract and dismiss the prime minister , who was behind signing this contract . As a result of these objections and even foreign objections to the contract , at last , Nasir al - Din Shah canceled the contract and removed the minister from the office . Kani died in Tehran , 1888 and was buried in the shrine of Shah - Abdol - Azim shrine in Rey .

Elliott Morris from West Ashby in Lincolnshire is a singer / songwriter and guitarist , active in the UK folk and pop music scenes . He has been described as a ' fearsome young guitarist ' , playing a mix of folk and country , tinged with blues . According to the blog Write Wyatt UK , Morris 's music " redefines folk ... with a little John Martyn influence delivered in Seth Lakeman style " He has completed two UK tours supporting Paul Carrack ( Squeeze , Mike and the Mechanics , Eric Clapton ) including dates at Glasgow Royal Concert Hall , Sage , Gateshead and the London Palladium . Morris has also supported artists such as Andy McKee , Frank Turner , Seth Lakeman , Lau , Big Country , Martin Carthy and Dave Swarbrick . He has been joined on stage a number of times by Ed Sheeran , Alan Thomson ( John Martyn Band ) , Mike Vass and Innes Watson and even YouTube comedy sensation , Slomozovo – Chris ‘ Bing’ Bingham .

" Cool Places " is a song recorded by American pop band Sparks in collaboration with the Go - Go 's rhythm guitarist and backing vocalist Jane Wiedlin . The song was released as the lead single from Sparks 's 1983 album In Outer Space . At the time Sparks were at their most popular in the US , their two previous albums had dented the lower reaches of the Billboard 200 album chart . The single peaked at No . 49 on the Hot 100 in April 1983 . The song 's success followed on from the success of their previous single and only other Hot 100 entry " I Predict " . Sparks recorded " Lucky Me , Lucky You " with Jane Wiedlin for the same parent album . Wiedlin also helped promote the album on tour and appeared at a few gigs to perform the duets . The song is a bit of an anomaly in Sparks ' back catalog , being one of the closest examples to a novelty song . Sparks have often been labelled a novelty act throughout their career . The song is at least representative of the style and content of their work in the mid-'80s . Wiedlin 's band , the Go - Go 's , performed the song on their 2006 tour , employing a more rock - driven style . The song continues to be a part of their live set . Alvin and the Chipmunks covered the song for their 2007 self - titled video game .

Superman and Lois Lane are among the best known fictional couples . Created by writer Jerry Siegel and artist Joe Shuster , both characters ( including Superman 's alter ego , Clark Kent ) first appeared in DC Comics ' Action Comics # 1 ( June 1938 ) . They have remained in a complicated relationship ever since . The couple has been portrayed in multiple Superman adaptations in different media . The characters ' relationship was based for a long time in a love triangle in which Clark was interested in Lois who was smitten with the superhero Superman . Clark , unable to reveal to Lois that his mild - mannered demeanor was a ruse , was unable to compete for Lois ' affection . The irony being he was his own rival in that Clark and Superman are , in fact , the same person . This love triangle and the dual identity were originally conceived in 1934 . Following John Byrne 's 1986 reboot , The Man of Steel , Clark 's character became not only the more dominant personality of the Clark Kent / Superman character but also more outgoing , aggressive , and assertive . This allowed a more natural romance to develop between Lois and Clark . In the 1990s , Clark proposes marriage to Lois and reveals his identity as Superman to her . They began a long engagement , which was complicated by the death of Superman , a breakup , and several other problems . The couple finally married in ( Dec. 1996 ) . Clark and Lois ' biological child in DC Comics canon was born in Convergence : Superman # 2 ( July 2015 ) , a son named Jonathan Samuel Kent , who eventually becomes Superboy . Lois appears in virtually every Superman comics and media adaptations . She is the character most commonly associated with Superman and continues to be an essential part of the Superman mythos . Across decades of comics and other media adaptations , in some stories , Lois knows or suspects that Clark is Superman , sometimes this is explored for humor or plot development .

Florian Skilang Temengil ( born November 4 , 1986 ) is a Palauan wrestler at Newman University in Wichita , Kansas . Skilang competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing , China in the freestyle wrestling . He lost his bout to Ottó Aubéli of Hungary 0 - 6 , 1 - 7 . However , he managed to score the first ever point for Palauan Olympic wrestlers , since his countryman John Tarkong Jr. had failed to score any points four years earlier , as would his countryman Elgin Loren Elwais in the Greco - Roman -55   kg category . He competed for Palau at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro in the 125 kg division . He was defeated by Daniel Ligeti of Hungary in the first round . He was the flag bearer for Palau during the Parade of Nations .

Zürich Seebach ( ) is a railway station in the Seebach quarter of the Swiss city of Zürich . It is located on the Furttal railway line and is served by line S6 of the Zürich S - Bahn . The station is aligned on a west to east axis , and has two through platform tracks serving a single island platform , together with a number of non - platform through tracks and sidings . The platform is accessed at its eastern end by a subway , and at its western end by an access to the centre of the adjacent level crossing . To the west the Furttal line continues as a dual track railway towards Zürich Affoltern station . To the east the line splits into two single track lines , one curving south to join the Zürich – Winterthur line towards Zürich Oerlikon station whilst the other joins the same line heading northbound . Trains on the S6 provide a half - hourly connection to Zürich Hauptbahnhof station , taking 12 minutes for the journey via the southern connector and Oerlikon station . In the opposite direction , S6 trains continue to Baden station , taking 28 minutes for the journey . The station also sees significant through freight traffic , most of which takes the Furttal line in order to avoid passing through central Zürich , using the northern connector onto or off the Zürich – Winterthur line .

Theodore Vernon Enslin ( March 25 , 1925 – November 21 , 2011 ) was an American poet associated with Cid Corman 's Origin and press . He is widely regarded as one of the most musical of American avant - garde poets . Enslin was born in Chester , Pennsylvania . His father was a biblical scholar and his mother a Latin scholar . He studied musical composition at Cambridge , Massachusetts . His teacher , Nadia Boulanger , was the first person to recognize his ability as a writer and encouraged him to pursue his interest in poetry . He has said " I like to be considered as a composer who happens to use words instead of notes . " His first book , The Work Proposed , was published by Origin in 1958 . Enslin moved to Maine in 1960 and had lived in Washington County ever since , working at odd jobs and making and selling handmade walking sticks . The Maine landscape forms an integral part of his poetry , as does the isolation , both geographic and in terms of distance from literary fashion and the academy his life on the physical margin of the United States allows . Ranger 1978 is one of the key American long poems of the second half of the 20th century . He died in Milbridge , Maine on November 21 , 2011 .

The first inauguration of Ulysses S. Grant as the 18th President of the United States took place on March 4 , 1869 . The inauguration marked the commencement of the first four - year term of Ulysses S. Grant as President and the only term of Schuyler Colfax as Vice President . Chief Justice Salmon P. Chase administered the Oath of office . Andrew Johnson did not attend the inaugural ceremonies , as President - elect Grant refused to sit with him in the carriage going to it . Instead , he was in the White House signing last - minute legislation . Grant 's 1869 inaugural parade was grander than any of those before him . Eight full divisions of soldiers marched down Pennsylvania Avenue on that day . Windows overlooking the parade route sold for very high prices . This is also the first time ever that special tickets were required for admission to the Capitol on inauguration day . That evening , a ball was held in the Treasury Building .

The Estimates Committee is a committee of selected members of parliament , constituted by the Parliament of India , for the purpose of scrutinising the functioning of government ministries and departments in terms of expenditure and utilisation of funds . It also suggests alternative policies in order to bring about efficiency and economy in administration . It also examines whether the finances are laid out within the limits of the policy implied in the estimates and also to suggest the form in which the estimates shall be presented to Parliament . This committee along with the Public Accounts committee(PAC ) and Committee on Public Undertakings ( COPU ) are the three financial standing committees of the Parliament of India . The committee consists of thirty   members , all elected from Lok Sabha , the lower house of the Parliament of India . The members are elected every year from amongst its members of the Lok Sabha , according to the principle of proportional representation by means of single transferable vote . The chairperson is appointed by the Lok Sabha speaker . The term of office of the members is one year . A minister is not eligible to become a member of the committee . In case a member after his election to the committee becomes a minister , he or she ceases to be a member from the date of such appointment . There are no members from Rajya Sabha Currently the committee is headed by Murli Manohar Joshi from the Bharatiya Janata Party .

The was a railway line in northern Japan linking Aomori Station in Aomori and Hakodate Station in Hokkaido . The Tsugaru - Kaikyō Line was actually made up of portions of four separate lines : the Tsugaru Line , operated by East Japan Railway Company , and the Kaikyō , Esashi , and Hakodate Main lines , operated by Hokkaido Railway Company . The name was created following the opening of the Kaikyō Line and Seikan Tunnel on March 13 , 1988 . The line name is out of use since March 26 , 2016 when the Hokkaido Shinkansen opened and replaced regular passenger services connecting Aomori and Hakodate on the Tsugaru - Kaikyō Line . The railway lines that formed the Tsugaru - Kaikyō Line continue to operate freight and passenger trains except for passenger trains on the Kaikyō Line section .

The P1 Scottish Grand Prix of the Sea is an annual two day marine motorsport event held in Greenock in Scotland . The event hosts around 30,000 spectators and is free to attend . Spectators gather on the Greenock Esplanade to view the boat races and in 2016 the event was also made available on a number of international television networks including Sky Sports in the UK . The Esplanade hosts a number of exhibition and trade stands , and features food and drink stands from high end Glasgow and Edinburgh food producers . There are races for a number of classes of offshore powerboat and jet ski . The event is considered the premier marine motorsport event in the UK . The event brings roughly £ 2.3 m into the Greenock economy each year and is hosted by Inverclyde Council and Riverside Inverclyde . The event has sponsorship from a number of local and international firms , including the UK ’s largest ferry network operator . The event is additionally supported by the Royal Navy 's HM Naval Base Clyde , who also help out with security and policing . The event has served as an opportunity for the Scottish and wider UK marine leisure industry to showcase their products and network , serving as an unofficial boat show . The event draws a number of high - profile attendees , including the First Minister of Scotland .

William English Walling ( 1877 – 1936 ) ( known as " English " to friends and family ) was an American labor reformer and Socialist Republican born into a wealthy family in Louisville , Kentucky . He founded the National Women 's Trade Union League in 1903 . Moved by his investigation of the Springfield Race Riot of 1908 in the state capital of Illinois , he was among the co - founders of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People ( NAACP ) in 1909 . He wrote three books on socialism in the early 20th century . He left the Socialist Party because of its anti - war policy , as he believed United States participation in the Great War was needed to defeat the Central Powers .

Mosfellsbær is a town in south - west Iceland , some east of the country 's capital , Reykjavík . The town of Mosfellsbær is only a 15-minute drive from midtown Reykjavík . The district includes the Leiruvogur cove , which forms part of Kollafjörður fjord . Three rivers empty into the cove : Leirvogsá , Kaldakvísl and Varmá . Mosfellsbær provides numerous opportunities for outdoor and leisure activities , close to untouched nature . There has been a systematic development of outdoor recreational areas for residents , their guests and tourists . Often called " the green town " , this town enjoys thermal activity and quite a few greenhouses have been built here . Since 1933 it has supplied the capital area with natural hot water for house heating , swimming pools , etc . The mountainous area around the town is ideal for walks and hikes , skiing and fishing for trout and char in the small lakes . The Nobel Prize laureate for literature in 1955 , Halldór Laxness ( 1902 – 1998 ) , was an honorary citizen of the town . He lived there all his life and based some of his novels on his experiences and impressions of his surroundings .

Penychen was a possible minor kingdom of early medieval Wales and later a cantref of the Kingdom of Morgannwg . Penychen was one of three cantrefs that made up the kingdom of Glywysing lying between the rivers Taff and Thaw , the other two being Gwynllwg and Gorfynydd . The cantrefi were created on the death of Glywys ( c.480 AD ) , the first king of Glywysing , when the kingdom was divided between three of his sons , Pawl , Gwynllyw and Mechwyn . Pawl was the ruler of Penychen and on his death ( c.540 AD ) passed the cantref onto his nephew . Pawl 's brother Gwynllyw was the ruler of Gwynllwg and upon his death the cantref passed to his son Cadoc ( Cadwg ) , also known as St. Cadoc . Cadoc would later take control of Penychen , but when he was killed by the Saxons he had no heirs and the both cantrefi fell under the control of Meureg of Gwent and both were absorbed into his kingdom .

Chih - Kung Jen (; August 15 or October 2 , 1906 – November 19 , 1995 ) was a Chinese physicist who emigrated to the U.S. and participated in some of the 20th century 's major scientific , political and social developments in both the United States and China . Born in a mud house in a remote and largely illiterate village in China , he was awarded a scholarship funded as a result of the Boxer Rebellion of the late 19th century to attend Beijing 's prestigious Tsinghua University . As part of that scholarship , he came to the U.S. in 1926 to study electrical engineering and physics at MIT . He completed his graduate studies first at the University of Pennsylvania , and then in physics at Harvard University . Jen was among the first to provide experimental proof of the existence of the ionosphere . In addition , he obtained the first theoretically calculated value for the electron affinity spectrum of the hydrogen atom , a problem of fundamental significance in quantum mechanics and astrophysics . In 1937 , Jen returned to China , and subsequently joined in the " Academic Long March " to set up a wartime refugee university ( the National Southwestern Associated University ) in Kunming . His wartime teaching and research contributed to the training of what would become the nucleus of the present - day Chinese scientific intelligentsia . After the war , Jen returned to the Physics Department at Harvard , and eventually settled at the Applied Physics Laboratory at Johns Hopkins University to carry on pioneering research in trapping free radicals and other topics in microwave spectroscopy . In 1972 , following Richard Nixon 's visit to China , Jen led a ground - breaking delegation of Chinese American scientists to that country . The delegation conferred with Premier Zhou Enlai , and initiated what was to become a steady stream of scientific exchanges between the U.S. and China . Jen subsequently made numerous visits to China . He continued to work on strengthening U.S .- China scientific relations , and in addition was a leader in improving scientific education in Chinese universities .

Lago Lindo is a residential neighbourhood located in north Edmonton , Alberta , Canada . The name is Spanish for " pretty lake " , and contains two lakes named for communities in Spain . The neighbourhood is bounded on the west by 97 Street , on the east by 91 Street , and on the south by 167 Avenue . The area to the north of the neighbourhood is still undeveloped . Access to CFB Edmonton , located just to the north of the city , is along 97 Street . 97 Street also gives neighbourhood residents good access to the downtown core . Surrounding neighbourhoods are Klarvatten to the east and north east , Belle Rive to the south east , Eaux Claires to the south , Lorelei to the south west , and Baturyn and Elsinore to the west . Substantially all the housing in the neighbourhood is single - family dwellings , with most of these being owner occupied . Most of the houses were built during the 1980s . Parents have two elementary schools in the neighbourhood where they can send their school age children . Lago Lindo Elementary School is operated by the Edmonton Public School System , and Bishop Greschuk Catholic Elementary School is operated by the Edmonton Catholic School System . The community is represented by the Lago Lindo Community League , established in 1983 , which maintains a community hall and outdoor rink located at 95 Street and 171 Avenue .

" Nuthin' but a ' G ' Thang " is a song by American rapper Dr. Dre featuring fellow American rapper Snoop Doggy Dogg from Dre 's debut solo album , The Chronic ( 1992 ) . It is the first single from the album . " Nuthin' but a ' G ' Thang " reached number two on the Billboard Hot 100 , behind " Informer " by Snow , outperforming The Chronic 's other singles , " Fuck wit Dre Day ( And Everybody 's Celebratin ' ) " , which peaked at # 8 , and " Let Me Ride " , which peaked at # 34 . The single also reached # 1 on Billboard 's Hot R&B;/Hip - Hop Singles & Tracks chart , and was a hit in the UK , where it reached # 31 . The song was selected by the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as one of the 500 songs that shaped rock and roll . XXL magazine named it the top hip - hop song of the decade . The song samples " I Want'a Do Something Freaky to You " by Leon Haywood . It was later reissued in June 1994 in certain European countries .

Each country that is a signatory to the Antarctic Treaty establishes a National Antarctic Program , which has national responsibility for managing the support of scientific research ; contribute to the governance and protect the environment of the Antarctic Treaty Area on behalf of its government and in the spirit of the Antarctic Treaty . Forming National Antarctic Programs after signing the treaty is not mandatory but all those countries which have permanent research stations in Antarctica or carry out scientific research otherwise , generally do so . Till date 48 countries have signed the Antarctic Treaty which was drafted and negotiated back in 1959 . Out of these , only 28 countries have the Consultative status i.e. these Parties have the right to participate in Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meetings ( ATCM ) and are accordingly known as Consultative Parties and their presence in Antarctica is shown by carrying substantial research there . The National Antarctic Programs of these 28 countries are available in the following section all of whom have established either permanent or summer research stations in Antarctica . These countries are also members of COMNAP , the Council of Managers of National Antarctic Programs . The membership of COMNAP is open only to National Antarctic Programs from nations whose governments are signatories to the Antarctic Treaty and have ratified its Protocol on Environmental Protection .

Dragon Quest X is a massively multiplayer online role - playing game ( MMORPG ) developed and published by Square Enix . It is the tenth mainline entry in the Dragon Quest series . It was originally released for the Wii in 2012 , and was later ported for Wii U , Microsoft Windows , PlayStation 4 , Nintendo Switch , Android , iOS , and Nintendo 3DS , all of which support cross - platform play . Outside of a Windows version in Chinese , the game was not localized outside of Japan . Dragon Quest X is set in the world of Astoltia , with the player character being initially human before an attack by the Lord of Hell Nelgel forces their soul into the body of another race . Following this , they must gather magical gems to seal Nelgel once again , while the player character 's sibling is sent back in time to be safe from Nelgel . Gameplay follows a combination of elements from the Dragon Quest and other contemporary MMORPGs , such as real - time combat in an open world environment and a job system tied to skills and abilities . Concepts for an MMORPG within the Dragon Quest series began among a small team during the later development of Dragon Quest VIII . Development progressed alongside that of Dragon Quest IX . The aim was to make it accessible to series fans and newcomers alike , along with creating a long - term content plan . The development team featured multiple series veterans , including director Jin Fujisawa , series creator and designer Yuji Horii , series artist Akira Toriyama , and series composer Koichi Sugiyama . New staff members included producer Yosuke Saito , who had previously worked on the Drakengard series and whose company Orca helped with development ; and Chikara Saito , who joined took over as director in 2013 . Dragon Quest X was teased in 2008 , with its full reveal as an MMORPG in 2011 . Critical reception to the game have been generally positive , with praise going to its integrating of Dragon Quest features into an MMORPG structure . The game has since received several expansion packs and other updates . By 2014 , the game had sold over one million copies across all versions .

The legend of Billy the Kid has acquired iconic status in American folklore , yet the outlaw himself , also known as William Bonney , had minimal impact on historical events in New Mexico Territory of the late 1800s . More has been written about Billy the Kid than any other gunslinger in the history of the American West , while hundreds of books , motion pictures , radio and television programs and even a ballet have been inspired by his legend . When he was still alive , " Billy the Kid " had already become a nationally known figure whose exploits , real and imaginary , were reported in the National Police Gazette and the large newspapers of the eastern United States . After his death on July 14 , 1881 , all of New York City 's papers ran his obituary , and within days , newspapers around the United States were printing exaggerated and romanticized accounts of Billy the Kid 's short career . In the fifteen or so dime novels about his criminal career published between 1881 and 1906 , the Kid was an outlaw antihero , customarily depicted as a badman with superior gunslinging skills , or even as a demonic agent of Satan who delighted in murder .

Zayed National Museum ( Arabic : متحف زايد الوطني ) is a planned museum , to be located in Abu Dhabi , UAE . It is designed as a memorial to the late Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan , the founding president of the UAE . The museum is planned to be the centrepiece of the Saadiyat Island Cultural District and will showcase the history , culture , and economic transformation of the Emirates . The museum has been designed by Foster + Partners with five solar thermal towers that will act as chimneys to draw cool air through the building . The towers are shaped like falcon wings to commemorate Zayed 's love of falconry . In 2009 , the Zayed Museum signed a ten - year contract with the British Museum . The British Museum would assist with curation and loan about 500 of its treasures to the Zayed Museum . The museum was projected for completion in 2016 , however , as of November 2017 , construction has not yet begun . According to The New York Times , the British Museum thinks that it is unlikely that any items will be loaned under the current contract , which ends in 2019 .

Michael Wolgemut ( formerly spelt Wohlgemuth ; 1434 – 30 November 1519 ) was a German painter and printmaker , who ran a workshop in Nuremberg . He is best known as having taught the young Albrecht Dürer . The importance of Wolgemut as an artist rests not only on his own individual works , but also on the fact that he was the head of a large workshop , in which many different branches of the fine arts were carried on by a great number of pupil - assistants , including Albrecht Dürer , who completed an apprenticeship with him between 1486 - 9 . In his atelier large altar - pieces and other sacred paintings were executed , and also elaborate carved painted wood retables , consisting of crowded subjects in high relief , richly decorated with gold and colour . Wolgemut was a leader among the artists reviving the standards of German woodcut at this time . The production of woodcuts was a large part of the work of the workshop , the blocks being cut from Wolgemut 's designs . They were mostly made to supply the many publishers in Nuremberg with book illustrations , with the most attractive also being sold separately . Wolgemut 's woodcuts followed the advances in engraving , depicting volume and shading to a much greater extent than before . Many are remarkable for their vigour and clever adaptation to the special necessities of the technique of woodcut . Nonetheless , they were very often hand - coloured before or after sale . His pupil Dürer was to build on and to so surpass his achievement that it is often overlooked . Wolgemut 's paintings show Flemish influence , and he may have traveled within Flanders ( modern Belgium and surrounding areas ) .

Arnold C. Klebs ( March 17 , 1870 – March 6 , 1943 ) was a physician who specialized in the study of tuberculosis . Born in Berne , Switzerland , Arnold Klebs , the son of renowned bacteriologist Edwin Klebs , was raised in the presence of an extensive array of scientists , artists , and historians . Klebs took a medical degree from the University of Basel in 1896 , then moved to the United States to practice medicine . Klebs worked with William Osler at Johns Hopkins University for a year after arriving in the U.S. , and was a contemporary of William H. Welch . Following his work with Osler , he worked as a sanatorium director and tuberculosis specialist in Citronelle , Alabama and Chicago . Given his long experience with the ailment , Klebs was named one of the first directors of the National Tuberculosis Institute . In 1910 , he returned to his native Switzerland , and settled in a villa on Lake Geneva . In 1939 , Klebs donated his collection of books to Harvey Cushing for its inclusion in what would become the Yale University 's Harvey Cushing / John Hay Whitney Medical Library . These included incunabula , plague tracts , herbals , books and pamphlets on tuberculosis , and books on inoculation and vaccination . Klebs ' library included 3000 texts related to tuberculosis alone .

Sutka City TV is a television station broadcasting from Paris , France , in the Romani language . Andrijano Dzeladin established the station in September 2012 , to end prejudice and to provide a link for the Romani people . Dzeladin , a Macedonian citizen , named the television station after Sutka , a suburb of Skopje , the capital of Macedonia . He said that the Roma have " a culture , an anthem , a flag and integrity " . He wants the Romani language to be spoken in all the programs broadcast from the television station . According to the report by France 24 , " most programs — culinary , cultural or musical — involve listeners . " Dzeladin performs almost all tasks himself , and broadcasts from a studio in an apartment in the 19th arrondissement of Paris .

The Macquarie Island Station is a permanent Australian subantarctic research base on Macquarie Island , commonly called Macca , situated in the Southern Ocean and located approximately halfway between mainland Australia and Antarctica , managed by the Australian Antarctic Division ( AAD ) . The station lies at the base of Wireless Hill , between two bays on the isthmus at the northern end of the island . The island and its surrounding waters are administered as a nature reserve by the Tasmanian Government Parks and Wildlife Service . In 1997 the island was inscribed on the UNESCO World Heritage List as a site of major geoconservation significance , being the only place on earth where rocks from the earth 's mantle are actively exposed above sea - level .

" January February " is a song by Scottish singer Barbara Dickson released on 25 January , 1980 by Epic Records . It reached # 11 in the UK Singles Chart in April 1980 , spending 10 weeks in the chart . It also made the Top 20 in the German and South African charts . The song signalled a new direction in her career , moving into the mainstream pop genre . It was written and produced by Alan Tarney who had recently resurrected Cliff Richard 's career with his 1979 no.1 hit " We Do n't Talk Anymore " . Mary Roos recorded a German version of the single entitled " Wenn Ich Dich Nicht Halten Kann " ( " If I Can not Hold You " ) .

Ealhhelm ( floruit 940 – 955 ) was an Anglo - Saxon nobleman and ealdorman in Mercia of West Saxon origins . It was in the reign of Edmund , circa 940 , that Ealhhelm was appointed as an ealdorman . He shared authority in Mercia with others , including Æthelstan Rota , Æthelmund , and another Æthelstan . The division is presumed to have been on a geographical basis . Ealhhelm and his family appear to have been connected with south - western Mercia , the former kingdom of the Hwicce , which corresponded approximately with the boundaries of the diocese of Worcester . Ealhhelm may have held the lands formerly belonging to Evesham Abbey as these are said to have been seized by one Alchelmus in the time of King Edmund . A kinsman of Ealhhelm named Wulfric — probably the father of Ealhhelm 's daughter - in - law — who later received part of the Evesham lands , may be identified with the brother of Saint Dunstan . Ealhhelm ceases to sign charters around 951 in the reign of King Eadred . The date of his death is not recorded . Ælfhere and Ælfheah , the sons of Ealhhelm , were ealdormen and significant figures later in the 10th century . Ealdorman Ælfric Cild was his son - in - law .

Green Wing is an award - winning British sitcom set in the fictional East Hampton Hospital . It was created by the same team behind the sketch show Smack the Pony - Channel 4 commissioner Caroline Leddy and producer Victoria Pile - and stars Tamsin Greig , Stephen Mangan and Julian Rhind - Tutt . Although set in a hospital , it uses no medical storylines ; the action is produced by a series of soap opera - style twists and turns in the personal lives of the characters . They proceed through a series of often absurd sketch - like scenes , or by sequences where the film is slowed down or sped up , often emphasising the body language of the characters . The show had eight writers . Two series were made by the Talkback Thames production company for Channel 4 . The series ran between 3 September 2004 and 19 May 2006 . One episode , filmed with the second series , was shown as a 90-minute - long special on 4 January 2007 in the UK , but was shown earlier in Australia and Belgium on 29 December 2006 . Separate from the series , a sketch was made for Comic Relief and screened on 11 March 2005 . Another was performed live at The Secret Policeman 's Ball on 14 October 2006 .

Heinrich Alexander Pagenstecher ( 18 March 1825 , Elberfeld – 4 January 1889 , Hamburg ) was a German zoologist . He studied medicine at the universities of Göttingen , Heidelberg and Berlin and furthered his education in Paris . Following graduation , he worked as a general practitioner in his hometown of Elberfeld ( 1847 ) , as a spa doctor in Salzbrunn ( 1848 – 49 ) and as a physician in Barmen ( 1849 ) . In 1856 he obtained his habilitation for obstetrics at the University of Heidelberg . Because of a serious injury to two of his fingers , he considered himself unfit for surgery and obstetrics , and subsequently shifted his attention from medicine to zoology . In 1863 he was named an associate professor of zoology and paleontology as well as director of the zoological institute at Heidelberg , where in 1866 , he attained a full professorship . In 1882 he was appointed director of the Natural History Museum in Hamburg . The herpetological species Pseudomoia pagenstecheri ( Southern grass tussock skink ) is named in his honor .

Religion in pre - Islamic Arabia was a mix of polytheism , Christianity , Judaism , and Iranian religions . Arab polytheism , the dominant form of religion in pre - Islamic Arabia , was based on veneration of deities and other rituals . Gods and goddesses , including Hubal and the goddesses al - Lāt , Al-‘Uzzá and Manāt , were worshipped at local shrines such as the Kaaba in Mecca . Different theories have been proposed regarding the role of Allah in Meccan religion . Many of the physical descriptions of the pre - Islamic gods are traced to idols , especially near the Kaaba , which is said to have contained up to 360 of them . Other religions were represented to varying , lesser degrees . The influence of the adjacent Roman , Aksumite and Sasanian Empires resulted in Christian communities in the northwest , northeast and south of Arabia . Christianity made a lesser impact , but secured some conversions , in the remainder of the peninsula . With the exception of Nestorianism in the northeast and the Persian Gulf , the dominant form of Christianity was Miaphysitism . The peninsula had been a destination for Jewish migration since Roman times , which had resulted in a diaspora community supplemented by local converts . Additionally , the influence of the Sasanian Empire resulted in Iranian religions being present in the peninsula . Zoroastrianism existed in the east and south , while there is evidence of Manichaeism or possibly Mazdakism being practised in Mecca .

Marion Elise Ravn ( born May 25 , 1984 ) , known as Marion Raven , is a Norwegian singer and songwriter . Raven formed the pop duo M2 M with Marit Larsen , though they ceased performing together in 2002 . Raven was later signed as a solo artist by Atlantic Records with the release of her solo debut album , Here I Am in 2005 . In 2006 , Raven was signed to the indie record label , Eleven Seven , and in 2007 re - released the songs on her debut album along with a few new songs on an album titled Set Me Free . In 2012 , Raven began production of her second album , Songs from a Blackbird , which was released in Norway on 8 April 2013 . Raven has also written tracks for other artists such as Pixie Lott . She has also lent her voice to the Norwegian version of Tangled . After years of dating , Raven married professional snowboarder Andreas Wiig in 2013 and divorced in 2015 .

This article lists the Margraves and Electors of Brandenburg during the period of time that Brandenburg was a constituent state of the Holy Roman Empire . The Mark , or March , of Brandenburg was one of the primary constituent states of the Holy Roman Empire . It was created in 1157 as the Margraviate of Brandenburg by Albert the Bear , Margrave of the Northern March . In 1356 , by the terms of the Golden Bull of Charles IV , the Margrave of Brandenburg was given the permanent right to participate in the election of the Holy Roman Emperor with the title of Elector ( ) . The early rulers came from several different dynasties , but from 1415 Brandenburg and its successor states were ruled by the House of Hohenzollern for over 500 years . From 1618 onward , Brandenburg was ruled in personal union with the Duchy of Prussia . The Hohenzollerns raised Prussia to a kingdom as the Kingdom of Prussia in 1701 , and from then on Brandenburg was de facto treated as part of the kingdom even though it was legally still part of the Holy Roman Empire . The titles of Margrave of Brandenburg and Elector of Brandenburg were abolished along with the Holy Roman Empire in 1806 , and Brandenburg was formally integrated into Prussia . Despite this , the Prussian kings still included the title " Margrave of Brandenburg " in their royal style . From 1871 to 1918 the Hohenzollerns were also German Emperors .

Gerard " Gerry " Brady ( born 1948 ) is an Irish former Fianna Fáil politician and Teachta Dála ( TD ) for the Kildare constituency . He was elected at the February 1982 general election to the 23rd Dáil , but at the November 1982 general election he lost his seat to Fine Gael 's Bernard Durkan . He was defeated again at the 1987 general election , and did not stand for Dáil Éireann again . At the 1985 local elections he was elected to Kildare County Council as a councillor for Celbridge , and held his council seat at the 1991 local elections . His wife Áine Brady ( née Kitt ) was a TD for Kildare North between the 2007 general election and the 2011 general election , and served as a Minister of State . Her brothers Tom Kitt and Michael P. Kitt have both been Fianna Fáil TDs and government ministers , as was her father Michael F. Kitt .

The Papagayo jet , also referred to as the Papagayo Wind or the Papagayo Wind Jet , are strong intermittent winds that blow approximately 70   km north of the Gulf of Papagayo , after which they are named . The jet winds travel southwest from the Caribbean and the Gulf of Mexico to the Pacific Ocean through a pass in the Cordillera mountains at Lake Nicaragua . The jet follows the same path as the northeast trade winds in this region ; however , due to a unique combination of synoptic scale meteorology and orographic phenomena , the jet winds can reach much greater speeds than their trade wind counterparts . That is to say , the winds occur when cold high - pressure systems from the North American continent meet warm moist air over the Caribbean and Gulf of Mexico , generating winds that are then funneled through a mountain pass in the Cordillera . The Papagayo jet is also not unique to this region . There are two other breaks in the Cordillera where this same phenomenon occurs , one at the Chivela Pass in México and another at the Panama Canal , producing the Tehuano ( Tehuantepecer ) and the Panama jets respectively . The Papagayo jet also induces mesoscale meteorology phenomena that influence the pacific waters hundreds of kilometers off the Nicaraguan and Costa Rican shores . When the jet wind surges , it creates cyclonic and anticyclonic eddies , Ekman transport , and upwelling that contribute to the creation of the Costa Rica Dome off the western coast of Central America in the Western Hemisphere Warm Pool ( WHWP ) . The relatively cold , nutrient - rich waters of the dome , in comparison to the surrounding WHWP , create an ideal habitat for a number of species making the Papagayo Wind Jet important for biodiversity in the Eastern Tropical Pacific .

The Niagara Regional Council is the governing body of the Regional Municipality of Niagara in Ontario , Canada . Council meets at Niagara Region Headquarters in Thorold , Ontario . The council consists of a regional chair , the mayors of all twelve Niagara Regional municipalities , and eighteen additional regional councillors elected to represent the various municipalities . Councillors are elected to four year terms , with the next election to be held in October 2018 . Unlike municipal councils within the Niagara Region , the regional chair is elected by regional council , and not directly by residents of the region . Any elector within the Niagara Region may be elected chair by council , although regional policy requires that the regional chair will be elected from among the 30 persons who have been elected to regional council in the just completed municipal elections . Once elected , the regional chair must resign her / his seat as a councillor representing a municipality . That municipality council then determines how the replacement councillor will be chosen .

Richard Jasek ( born 1964/1965 ) is a Czechoslovakia - born Australian television producer , writer and director . Jasek was born and raised Prague until his family fled the communist regime and settled in Brisbane . Jasek chose to become a filmmaker after he discovered his father 's camera . He would later enrol at the Australian Film , Television and Radio School . Jasek made a short production for SBS Television and travelled to the United Kingdom to work for The National Film School as a guest lecturer . Upon his return to Australia , Jasek began working in television and he is best known for his work with dramas A Country Practice , City Homicide and McLeod 's Daughters . In October 2011 , it was announced that Jasek had taken over the role of executive producer of Neighbours .

Halldór Guðmundsson ( born 1956 in Reykjavík ) is an Icelandic author . He was also chairman of the publishing company Mál og menning and its successor after the merger with JPV , Forlagið . His biography of Halldór Laxness was awarded the Icelandic Literary Prize . The book has also appeared in English and German . Halldór 's 2006 book Skáldalíf , about Icelandic writer Gunnar Gunnarsson , was chosen best biography of the year by the Icelandic Booksellers ' Association and nominated for the Icelandic Literary Prize . In We are all Icelanders ( 2009 ) , he discusses how the financial crisis affected ten different Icelanders , including an architect , a politician and a kindergarten nurse . In Mamutschkas Lebensrezepte , published in German , he tells the story of restaurant operator Marianne Kowalew .

" November Spawned a Monster " is a song by Morrissey . It was released as a single in 1990 . It was written by Morrissey and Clive Langer . It also features one of Morrissey 's former colleagues from The Smiths , Andy Rourke . In reaching number 12 in the British chart it was a marked improvement over Morrissey 's previous single , " Ouija Board , Ouija Board " , but still failed to chart as high as the singer 's first four releases . The track is one of Morrissey 's personal favourites , and has been played live many times by the singer . It along with its b - side " He Knows I 'd Love to See Him " appears on the compilation album Bona Drag . The song tackles the plight of the disabled , an unusual subject matter for a pop single . As ever with Morrissey the tone and sentiments are riddled with ambiguity . His use of words such as ' monster ' and ' twisted ' creates a strange mix of revulsion , sympathy and black comedy , all used to enlighten , and disturb , the audience . By forcing the ambivalent persona of tormentor and saviour , Morrissey forces the listener to confront their own prejudices head on . " The song is quoting Les Chants de Maldoror ( Chant 2 , verse 7 ) , in which a hermaphrodite perceives himself as a monster and dreams of love . In November 2014 Alex Broun 's play November Spawned a Monster , inspired by Morrissey 's song , premiered at The Old Fitzroy , in Sydney , Australia , directed by Robert Chuter ( director ) and starring James Wright .

François Missoffe ( 13 October 1919 in Toulon , France – 28 August 2003 in Rouen ) was a French politician and diplomat . He was Minister of Youth Affairs and Sport ( " Ministre de la Jeunesse et des Sports " ) in the Government of France between 8 January 1966 and 30 May 1968 . He played a minor role in the run - up to events of May 1968 in France . On 8 January 1968 , Missoffe was forced by students at the Paris West University Nanterre La Défense to abandon the inauguration of a campus swimming pool . He was interrupted while making his speech at the occasion by student leader , Daniel Cohn - Bendit in order to demand free access to the girls ' dormitory . Missoffe was Ambassador to Japan from 1964 to 1966 .

Pierre Richardot ( c.1575 – 1628 ) was the 61st abbot of St Willibrord 's Abbey , Echternach . He was the son of Jean Richardot , president of the Brussels Privy Council , and Anne Courcol de Baillencourt . Born in Arras , he studied Theology at the University of Leuven and entered the Abbey of St. Vaast in his native city . In 1607 Richardot was named abbot of Echternach . His abbacy was overshadowed by the need to economise to pay off the debts run up to ransom his predecessor , Johannes Bertelius , who had been kidnapped by Dutch freebooters . He died on 24 February 1628 and was buried near the high altar in the abbey church . During Richardot 's tenure as abbot he made a manuscript written by his medieval predecessor Thiofrid of Echternach available for publication , as Flores epitaphii sanctorum ( Luxembourg , 1619 ) .

The Seven Mile Bridge is a bridge in the Florida Keys , in Monroe County , Florida , United States . It connects Knight 's Key ( part of the city of Marathon , Florida ) in the Middle Keys to Little Duck Key in the Lower Keys . Among the longest bridges in existence when it was built , it is part of the Overseas Highway in the Keys , which is part of the 2,369-mile U.S. Route 1 . There are two bridges in this location . The modern bridge is open to vehicular traffic ; the older one only to pedestrians and cyclists . The older bridge , originally known as the Knights Key - Pigeon Key - Moser Channel - Pacet Channel Bridge , was constructed from 1909 to 1912 under the direction of Henry Flagler and Clarence S. Coe as part of the Florida East Coast Railway 's Key West Extension , also known as the Overseas Railroad .

Les Belles de Tunis is a novel by Nine Moati , first published in 1983 by Éditions du Seuil . The book retraces the live of a Tunisian Jewish family in Tunis from 1856 to the Tunisian independence . It is also a description of 100 years of Jewish life in Tunisia . Furthermore , in the book , you find autobiographical traces of the Moati family , mainly of Serge Moati pére . The author of the book , Nine Moati , is the sister of the French artist Serge Moati fils ( son ) . In 2004 , a special pocket version of the book was edited by the Editions Cérès ( ) for the Tunisian lectureship ( in French ) . This edition contains a special preface by Nine Moati for the Tunisian public . Les Belles de Tunis is considered as one of the most successful books of Nine Moati . As of ( 18.8.2007 ) there is no English translation of the book . An Arabic translation of Les Belles de Tunis is in preparation .

Christine Mayr - Lumetzberger ( born 1956 in Linz , Austria ) is a teacher and former Benedictine nun who was excommunicated from the Roman Catholic Church when she and six others were ordained as priests by an Independent Catholic bishop in 2002 , she called herself a Roman Catholic priest , and she refused to recant . She was ordained a bishop in 2003 along with Gisela Forster ; reportedly , the ordination was performed by Roman Catholic bishops whose identity remains a secret . She has declared as her motive to promote the ordination of women within the Roman Catholic Church which does not recognize the ordination of women as valid : " A baptized male alone receives sacred ordination validly " . In 1994 , Pope John Paul II declared in the apostolic letter Ordinatio sacerdotalis that " the Church has no authority whatsoever to confer priestly ordination on women " .

Vaishampayana ( , ) was the traditional narrator of the Mahabharata , one of the two major Sanskrit epics of ancient India from Takshashila , modern - day Taxila , Pakistan , where he narrated the epic poem for the first time . He was an ancient Indian sage who was the original teacher of the Krishna Yajur - Veda . The Ashvalayana Grihya Sutra mentions him as Mahabharatacharya . He is also mentioned in the Taittiriya Aranayaka and the Ashtadhyayi of Pāṇini . He was a pupil of Vyasa , from whom he learned the Jaya , the original 8,800 verses of the Mahabharata . He later expanded the Jaya to 24,000 verses under the name Bharata , which he recited to King Janamejaya at his sarpa satra ( snake sacrifice ) . The Harivamsa is also said to have been recited by him . The full 100,000 verses of the Mahabharata was not complete until several centuries later .

David Francis Barrow ( Athens , Georgia , November 14 , 1888 – 1970 ) was an American mathematician who introduced Barrow 's inequality in 1937 . Barrow 's father , David Crenshaw Barrow Jr. , was also a mathematician , and served as chancellor of the University of Georgia from 1906 to 1925 . His son , David F. Barrow , did his undergraduate studies at the University of Georgia and then studied at Harvard University , where he earned his Ph.D. in 1913 . After a year abroad , he taught for two years at the University of Texas , and then at the Sheffield Scientific School . After a brief stint in the U.S. armed services , he joined the faculty of his father 's university in 1920 . He became a full professor in 1923 , and chaired the mathematics department in 1944 – 1945 .

Wulsbüttel is a village and a former municipality in the district of Cuxhaven , in Lower Saxony , Germany . Since 1 January 2014 , it is part of the municipality Hagen i m Bremischen . Wulsbüttel belonged to the Prince - Archbishopric of Bremen , established in 1180 . In 1648 the Prince - Archbishopric was transformed into the Duchy of Bremen , which was first ruled in personal union by the Swedish Crown - interrupted by a Danish occupation ( 1712 – 1715 ) - and from 1715 on by the Hanoverian Crown . In 1807 the ephemeric Kingdom of Westphalia annexed the Duchy , before France annexed it in 1810 . In 1813 the Duchy was restored to the Electorate of Hanover , which - after its upgrade to the Kingdom of Hanover in 1814 - incorporated the Duchy in a real union and the Ducal territory , including Wulsbüttel , became part of the new Stade Region , established in 1823 .

Aalborg County ( ) is a former province in Denmark , located in north - eastern Jutland around the eastern approach to the Limfjord . Aalborg County was established in 1793 and abolished in 1970 when it merged with Hjørring County forming the new North Jutland County . The region belonged to Himmersyssel during the Middle Ages , with the exception of Kær Herred - located north of the Limfjord - which belonged to Vendsyssel . In 1542 , the north Jutland region was reorganised as Aalborghus Len . This province was divided in 1662 forming Aalborghus County and Aastrup , Sejlstrup and Børglum County . The latter province was divided again in 1793 with the bulk of its territory being reorganized as Hjørring County . Smaller parts of the province became parts of the counties of Thisted and Aalborg . This division lasted from 1793 to 1970 when the two counties merged , forming the new North Jutland County . Aalborg County featured the market towns ( købstæder ) of Aalborg , Løgstør , Nibe , and Nørresundby .

Albin Kitzinger ( 1 February 1912 in Schweinfurt – 6 August 1970 ) was a German football player . Kitzinger played his whole career for 1 . FC Schweinfurt 05 ( 1924 – 1946 ) . On the national level he played for Germany national team ( 44 matches/2 goals ) , and was a participant at the 1938 FIFA World Cup . He was a member of the Breslau Eleven that beat Denmark 8:0 in Breslau in 1937 and went on to win 10 out 11 games played during that year . Kitzinger distinguished himself with assuredness on the ball and the calmness in which he distributed the ball . Together with Andreas Kupfer and Ludwig Goldbrunner he formed one of the best halves trios of the late-1930s . In 1937 he was called up to represent Western Europe in Amsterdam against Central Europe , and a year later he was selected to play in the World XI against England at Highbury Stadium . Altogether he starred in 826 games for his club Schweinfurt 05 . He died at the age of 58 after a long and severe illness .

The University of the Thai Chamber of Commerce ( UTCC ) ( Thai : มหาวิทยาลัยหอการค้าไทย ) is a private non - profit higher education institution in Bangkok , Thailand . The university 's origin dates back to 1940 , with the foundation of the College of Commerce in Bangkok . In 1984 , the college was granted full university status under its present name . The university is academically organized into eight schools : business , accountancy , economics , humanities , science , communication arts , engineering , and law . All offer degree programs , in English and Thai , to the doctoral level . The university has strong ties to entrepreneurs in Thailand through its founding body , the Thai Chamber of Commerce . It also serves in various advisory functions to several ASEAN countries . The university 's business school is accredited by the US Accreditation Council for Business Schools and Programs . The university enforces a strict student dress code .

David Jack ( January 20 , 1960 in Bristol , Pennsylvania ) is an American children 's musician . Jack is a Parents ' Choice Award - winning composer and performer of children 's music . He has appeared on television and radio , including NBC 's The Today Show , and he frequently entertains at children 's music festivals throughout the United States . He is best known for his 11 years of daily performances at Sesame Place , during which he performed live on stage with Elmo and other Sesame Street characters . In addition to his career as a children 's performer , he is well known in the Philadelphia area as a stage actor . He is a member of the Screen Actors Guild as well as Actors ' Equity Association .

Milutin Nedić (; 26 October 1882   – 1945 ) was a general and Chief of the General Staff of the Royal Yugoslav Army prior to the outbreak of World War II . He was replaced in late 1938 , and later commanded the 2nd Army Group during the German - led Axis invasion of Yugoslavia of April 1941 during World War II . Nedić 's command consisted of General Milan Rađenković 's 1st Army , responsible for the area between the Danube and the Tisza , and the 2nd Army of General Dragoslav Miljković , responsible for the border from Slatina to the Danube . Nedić had no Army Group reserve , but the 2nd Army was to constitute a reserve of one infantry division deployed south of Slavonski Brod .

The Kashubs (; ; ; also spelled Kaszubians , Kassubians , Cassubians , Cashubes , and Kashubians , and formerly known as Kashubes ) are a Lechitic ethnic group in Pomerelia , north - central Poland . Their settlement area is referred to as Kashubia (; ; ) . They speak the Kashubian language , which is classified either as a separate language closely related to Polish , or as a Polish dialect . Analogously to their linguistic classification , the Kashubs are considered either an ethnic or a linguistic community . The Kashubs are closely related to the Poles . The Kashubs are grouped with the Slovincians as Pomeranians . Similarly , the Slovincian ( now extinct ) and Kashubian languages are grouped as Pomeranian languages , with Slovincian ( also known as Łeba Kashubian ) either a distinct language closely related to Kashubian , or a Kashubian dialect .

Dennis Carl Wilson ( December 4 , 1944   – December 28 , 1983 ) was an American musician , singer , and songwriter who co - founded the Beach Boys . He is best remembered as their drummer and as the middle brother of bandmates Brian and Carl Wilson . Dennis was the only true surfer in the Beach Boys , and his personal life exemplified the " California Myth " that the band 's early songs often celebrated . He was also known for his brief association with Charles Manson , a songwriter and cult leader who was later convicted of several murders . Wilson served mainly on drums and backing vocals for the Beach Boys , and contrary to popular belief , his playing can be heard on many of the group 's hits . He originally had few lead vocals on the band 's songs , but starting with their 1968 album Friends , his prominence as a singer - songwriter increased . Unlike Brian 's music , Dennis ' is characterized for reflecting his " edginess " and " little of his happy charm " . His original songs for the group included " Little Bird " ( 1968 ) , " Forever " ( 1970 ) , and " Slip On Through " ( 1970 ) . Friends and biographers also credit Wilson as a ghost co - writer on " You Are So Beautiful " , a hit for Joe Cocker in 1974 . During his final years , Wilson struggled with heroin and cocaine addictions that contributed to tensions with his bandmates . His only solo album , Pacific Ocean Blue ( 1977 ) , was released to warm reviews , but moderate sales . One writer retrospectively described it as " Kurt Cobain produced by Phil Spector . " Sessions for a follow - up , Bambu , disintegrated before his death . In 1988 , Wilson was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of the Beach Boys . He died from drowning at the age of 39 in 1983 .

Wouter Basson ( born 6 July 1950 ) is a South African cardiologist and former head of the country 's secret chemical and biological warfare project , Project Coast , during the apartheid era . Nicknamed " Dr. Death " by the press for his alleged actions in apartheid South Africa , Basson was acquitted in 2002 of 67 charges , after having been suspended from his military post with full pay in 1999 . Among other charges , Basson was alleged to have supplied a " lethal triple cocktail of powerful muscle relaxants which were used during Operation Duel ( the systematic elimination of SWAPO prisoners of war and South African Defence Force ( SADF ) members who posed a threat to South African covert operations ) . The United Nations report identifies the triple cocktail as ketamine , succinylcholine , and tubocurarine .

Erik Fosnes Hansen ( born 6 June 1965 ) is a Norwegian writer . Hansen was born in New York and made his debut at age twenty with the novel Falketårnet . His best - known work is his second novel , Psalm at Journey 's End , which in separate but steadily more interwoven stories follows the individual musicians who end their careers and lives on the Titanic . The book has been translated into more than twenty languages . A sequel to Beretninger om beskyttelse ( Tales of Protection ) has been announced but is not yet completed . He has also published poetry and is a frequent contributor to contemporary public cultural discussions . Hansen is a member of the Norwegian Academy for Language and Literature . He was awarded the Riksmål Society Literature Prize in 1990 . Hansen gained attention in the Norwegian press after throwing a piece of paper at a representative of the Progress Party during a heated debate on the radio station NRK P2 .

Hypsipyla robusta , the cedar tip moth , is a species of snout moth in the genus Hypsipyla . It was described by Moore in 1886 . It is found from Africa ( including Madagascar ) , throughout Asia ( including Sri Lanka and India ) to Australia . Several undescribed species or subspecies might be involved . The wingspan is about 30   mm . Adults have brown forewings with a faint zigzag pattern and buff hindwings , both with dark veins . The larvae attack a wide range of Meliaceae species ( including Toona ciliata , Chukrasia tabularis , Swietenia species and Khaya species ) and feed in shoots as well as fruits , flowers , and in bark . In Australia , robusta or an extremely similar - looking species has recently been reared from fruit of Xylocarpus granatum .

Elizabeth Sterling Haynes ( December 7 , 1897 – April 26 , 1957 ) was an Alberta theatre activist . Born in Seaham , County Durham , England in 1897 , her family emigrated to Ontario , Canada in 1905 . As a young woman , she studied at the University of Toronto . In 1921 , she married Nelson Willard Haynes , a dentist , and they moved to Edmonton , where she soon established herself as a director , actor and teacher . In 1928 , she helped organize the Alberta Drama League ( which became a model for the Dominion Drama Festival ) . In 1933 , she became provincial drama specialist at the Department of Extension of the University of Alberta , and it was from this post that she began to recreate much of Alberta 's theatre scene . She wrote technical works and broadcast her reviews and lessons on radio . She travelled the province , to school and community groups , coaching them , demonstrating and adjudicating competitions . 1933 was also the year she co - founded the Banff Centre for the Arts . Failing health began to play a role in her life soon after , though she continued to stay as active as physically possible until her death in 1957 . Said Gwen Pharis Ringwood of her : Elizabeth was a force ; a creative energy unleashed at a time when creativity was suspect and in a place where creativity was often ignored in the hope that it would go away . Edmonton 's Sterling Awards are named in her honour .

Didier Dinart ( born 18 January 1977 ) is a French retired handball player , who currently manages the French national team . During his playing days , he played for the internationally renowned BM Ciudad Real handball team in Spain ( where he was partner to , among others , Luc Abalo ) . Before joining BM Ciudad Real , he played for Montpellier HB of which is currently one of the best French clubs . He was a highly skilled defensive player , and is widely regarded as one of the world 's best handball defensive players . This effectiveness has granted him the nickname of La Roca ( The Rock ) in Spain . He is also one of the most enduring players of the national team : his first appearance on the team was on Dec 20 , 1996 against Croatia . He won all three major titles in handball ( European championship , world championship , Olympic championship ) . He has represented France at four Olympic Games , including winning the gold medal at the 2008 Beijing Olympics and the 2012 London Olympics .

Queenscliff is the terminal railway station of the Queenscliff branch line that originally branched off the main Warrnambool line near South Geelong in Victoria , Australia . The station was originally opened on 21 May 1879 , the current station building constructed in 1881 and is listed on the Victorian Heritage Register . The station was linked to Swan Island by a 3 foot gauge tramway for transport of goods between the years of 1886 and 1958 . The station was closed to all Victorian Railways services on 6 November 1976 . After this date , usage of the branch line was granted to the Bellarine Peninsula Railway who re - gauged part of the track to 3'6 " and commenced tourist operations from the station in May 1979 to Lakers Siding , and to Drysdale not long after . The section of the line between the Warnambool line at South Geelong and Drysdale is no longer serviceable and much of that track bed is now part of the Bellarine Rail Trail .

" Reminiscing " is a 1978 song written by Graeham Goble , and performed by Australian rock music group Little River Band . It remains their greatest success in the United States , peaking at # 3 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart and # 10 on the Easy Listening chart . The song is about a couple reminiscing about the past , with certain music ( such as Glenn Miller or Cole Porter tunes ) reminding them of certain memories . " Reminiscing " was given a BMI Five Million - Air award for five million plays on US radio — the highest achievement ever for any Australian popular song . According to Albert Goldman 's biography , John Lennon named " Reminiscing " as one of his favourite songs . May Pang , erstwhile girlfriend of Lennon , said " Oddly , with all the fantastic music he wrote , " our song " was Reminiscing by the Little River Band . " The original Little River Band song was used for the 2010 film The Other Guys starring Will Ferrell and Mark Wahlberg .

The Temple of Jupiter Feretrius ( Latin : Aedes Iuppiter Feretrius ) was the first temple ever built in Rome ( the second was Etruscan and became known as the Temple of Jupiter Optimus Maximus ) . Its site is uncertain but is thought to have been on the Capitoline Hill . It was said to have been dedicated to the god Jupiter by Romulus after his defeat of Acro , king of the Ceninensi , in 752 - 751 BC . The origin of the epithet ' Feretrius ' is unclear and may relate to one of two Latin verbs - ' ferire ' ( making it mean ' he who strikes ' , since the spolia opima was offered there ) or ' ferre ' ( making it mean ' he to whom [ the spolia opima ] are brought ' ) . According to Cornelius Nepos , by the middle years of the first century BC the temple had lost its roof after many years of neglect . As a result , the emperor Augustus decided to rebuild it on the suggestion of Titus Pomponius Atticus , the wealthy equestrian most famous for being the friend and confidant of Cicero . Augustus subsequently included the temple in his autobiography , the Res Gestae Divi Augusti , within the list of monuments and temples in Rome that he paid to have rebuilt . If still in use by the 4th - century , it would have been closed during the persecution of pagans in the late Roman Empire .

Uki Workboat Oy ( Finnish : Uudenkaupungin Työvene Oy ) is a Finnish shipyard located in Uusikaupunki on the Western coast of Finland . The company specializes in small and medium - sized vessels for professional use , ranging from aluminium - hulled workboats to steel - hulled multipurpose ships and road ferries . The facilities consist of one slipway and production halls where boats up to a length of can be manufactured indoors . Most of the shipyard 's newbuildings are one - off products , but smaller boats have also been built in series of up to 18 vessels . , Uki Workboat has delivered over 220 vessels with the largest being the Finnish pollution control vessel Louhi , which was delivered in 2011 . The company also built the presidential yacht of the President of Finland , Kultaranta VIII . Whereas the Finnish name of the company uses the full name of the city where the shipyard is located , the English - language name contains the commonly used shorter nickname Uki .

Vache II ( in Armenian Վաչե Բ. or Վաչէ Բ. ) was the king of Caucasian Albania from 444 to 463 . He was a nephew of Yazdegerd II . In the middle of the 5th century by the order of the Persian king Peroz I , Vache built in Utik the city initially called Perozabad , and later Partaw and Barda , and made it the capital of Albania . He was forced to convert to Zoroastrianism by Peroz I. As a reaction he started his rebellion against Sassanids . He allied himself to Maskuts and expelled his sister and mother because of their faith in Zoroaster . He abdicated his throne in 463 . After him , Albania remained as satrapy without the king for 30 years until Vachagan III .

The Living Planet : A Portrait of the Earth is a BBC nature documentary series written and presented by David Attenborough , first transmitted in the UK from 19 January 1984 . The sequel to his pioneering Life on Earth , it is a study of the ways in which living organisms , including humans , adapt to their surroundings . Each of the twelve 55-minute episodes ( one fewer than his previous series ) featured a different environment . The executive producer was Richard Brock and the music was composed by Elizabeth Parker of the BBC Radiophonic Workshop . Part of David Attenborough 's ' Life ' series , it was followed by The Trials of Life ( 1990 ) . However , before the latter , Attenborough wrote and presented two shorter series : The First Eden ( 1987 ) , about man 's relationship with the natural habitats of the Mediterranean , and Lost Worlds , Vanished Lives ( 1989 ) , concerning the discovery of fossils .

" Homer to the Max " is the thirteenth episode of The Simpsons ' tenth season . It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on February 7 , 1999 . In the episode , Homer discovers that a new television show , Police Cops , has a hero also named Homer Simpson . He is delighted with the positive attention he receives because of his name , but when the television character is rewritten from a hero to a bumbling idiot , he is mocked and taunted , so he changes his name to " Max Power " to rid himself of the negative attention . Max gains new friends , and is forced into a protest to prevent a forest from being knocked down . In the end , he changes his name back to Homer Simpson . The episode was written by John Swartzwelder and directed by Pete Michels . Since airing , it has received mixed reviews from television critics . Overall , the episode received a Nielsen rating of 8.5 .

" Ike 's Wee Wee " is the fourth episode of the second season of the American animated television series South Park . The 18th episode of the series overall , it first aired on Comedy Central in the United States on May 27 , 1998 . In the episode , school counselor Mr. Mackey is fired , and turns to drugs . Meanwhile , the boys misconstrue what circumcision entails , and try to save Kyle 's younger brother Ike from his upcoming bris . The episode was written and directed by series co - creator Trey Parker . " Ike 's Wee Wee " satirizes certain attitudes towards drug users , and explores whether family can only mean those who are related by blood . This episode introduced Ike 's backstory as an adopted Canadian child . " Ike 's Wee Wee " received positive responses from critics , who especially praised the episode for its touching moments .

Ketil Skogen ( 26 August 1884 – 21 March 1970 ) was a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party . He was born in Saude . He was educated as jurist from the University of Oslo from 1909 . He was the first to write his exam in Norwegian language ( nynorsk ) which at that time were not allowed and paied a heavy price for that , but passed due to his brilliant performance . He was prosecutor in the last impeachment case in Norway against the government of Berge in 1926 . He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament from Telemark in 1925 , and served five terms in the position of deputy representative : 1919 – 1921 , 1928 – 1930 , 1931 – 1933 , 1945 – 1949 and 1950 – 1953 . During his fourth and fifth terms as deputy representative he sat through parts of the term as a regular representative , replacing the deceased Margit Schiøtt and Neri Valen respectively . In his later years he was involved in writing the Norwegian Civil Code . Skogen was a member of Sauherad municipality council during the term 1910 – 1913 , and was deputy mayor in 1919 – 1922 .

Otto Friedrich Karl Deiters (; November 15 , 1834 – December 5 , 1863 ) was a German neuroanatomist . He was born in Bonn , studied at the University of Bonn , and spent most of his professional career in Bonn . He is remembered for his microscopic research of the brain and spinal cord . Around 1860 , Deiters provided the most comprehensive description of a nerve cell that was known to exist at the time . He identified the cells ' axon , which he called an " axis cylinder " , and its dendrites , which he referred to as protoplasmic processes . He postulated that dendrites must fuse to form a continuous network . His name is lent to the " nucleus of Deiters " , also called the lateral vestibular nucleus , and to " Deiters ' cells " , structures that are associated with outer hair cells in the cochlea of the inner ear . Deiters died in 1863 from typhoid fever at the age of 29 . After his death , his work pertaining to nerve cells of the spinal cord was edited and published by anatomist Max Schultze ( 1825 - 1874 ) .

Śrem County ( ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Greater Poland Voivodeship , west - central Poland . It came into being on January 1 , 1999 , as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998 . Its administrative seat and largest town is Śrem , which lies south of the regional capital Poznań . The county also contains the towns of Książ Wielkopolski , lying east of Śrem , and Dolsk , south of Śrem . The county covers an area of . As of 2006 its total population is 58,646 , out of which the population of Śrem is 30,227 , that of Książ Wielkopolski is 2,724 , that of Dolsk is 1,479 , and the rural population is 24,216 .

The Eastern Thousand Buddha Caves ( ) is a series of rock cut Buddhist caves in Guazhou County , Gansu , northwest China . Of the twenty - three caves excavated from the conglomerate rock , eight have murals and sculptures dating from the Western Xia and Yuan dynasty ; many of the statues were reworked during the Qing dynasty . The caves extend in two tiers along the cliffs that flank both sides of a now dry river gorge , fourteen on the west bank ( five with decoration ) and nine on the east ( three with decoration ) . Together with the Mogao Caves , Western Thousand Buddha Caves , Yulin Caves , and Five Temple Caves , the Eastern Thousand Buddha Caves is one of the five grotto sites in the vicinity of Dunhuang managed by the Dunhuang Academy .

The Asian Super Grid is a project to establish an electrical power transmission network , or super grid , connecting China , South Korea , Mongolia , Russia , and Japan . It will transmit electrical power from renewable sources from areas of the world that are best able to produce it to consumers in other parts of the world . The idea is dependent on development of an ultra - high voltage grid operating at more than 1,000 kilovolts AC and 800 kilovolts DC over thousands of kilometers . It envisions interconnecting grids across regions , nations , and even continents with a capacity of over 10 gigawatts . The concept is the result of an idea by Masayoshi Son , founder and head of the telecom and Internet giant SoftBank Group . After the devastation at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant following the 2011 Tohoku earthquake , Son was so shocked by events that he established the Renewable Energy Institute soon afterwards to help develop and promote renewable energy .

Climate change in Germany describes the impacts of anthropogenic climate change on Germany . This includes long - term impacts on agriculture , more intense heatwaves and coldwaves , flash and coastal flooding , and reduced water availability . Debates over how to address these long - term challenges have also sparked changes in the energy sector and in mitigation strategies . Germany 's energiewende ( " energy transition " ) has been a significant political issue in German politics that has made coalition talks difficult for Angela Merkel 's CDU . Despite massive investments in renewable energy , Germany has struggled to reduce coal production and usage . The country remains Europe 's largest importer of coal and produces the 2nd most amount of coal in the European Union behind Poland , about 1 % of the global total . Germany hosted the COP23 meeting in Bonn to which the German delegation traveled in a carbon - neutral train to demonstrate commitment to carbon neutrality .

The Ashcan School , also called the Ash Can School , was an artistic movement in the United States during the early 20th century that is best known for works portraying scenes of daily life in New York , often in the city 's poorer neighborhoods . The most famous artists working in this style included Robert Henri ( 1865 – 1929 ) , George Luks ( 1867 – 1933 ) , William Glackens ( 1870 – 1938 ) , John Sloan ( 1871 – 1951 ) , and Everett Shinn ( 1876 – 1953 ) , some of whom had met studying together under the renowned realist Thomas Anshutz at the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts , and others of whom met in the newspaper offices of Philadelphia where they worked as illustrators . The movement has been seen as emblematic of the spirit of political rebellion of the period .

An Anzac biscuit is a sweet biscuit , popular in Australia and New Zealand , made using rolled oats , flour , sugar , butter ( or margarine ) , golden syrup , baking soda , boiling water , and ( optionally ) desiccated coconut . Anzac biscuits have long been associated with the Australian and New Zealand Army Corps ( ANZAC ) established in World War I. The biscuits were sent by wives and women 's groups to soldiers abroad because the ingredients do not spoil easily and the biscuits kept well during naval transportation . Today , Anzac biscuits are manufactured commercially for retail sale . Anzac biscuits should not be confused with hardtack , which was nicknamed " ANZAC wafers " in Australia and New Zealand .

Fort Mississauga National Historic Site is a fort on the shore of Lake Ontario , at the mouth of the Niagara River in Niagara - on - the - Lake , Ontario , Canada . The fort today consists of a box – shaped brick tower and historic star – shaped earthworks . The all – brick fort was built from 1814 – 1816 during the War of 1812 , to replace nearby Fort George . It was built on a foundation of brick and stone salvaged from rubble left after retreating United States forces burned the nearby town of Niagara ( as Niagara - on - the - Lake was known then ) in December , 1813 . It would help in the defence of Upper Canada the following year , as part of a regional network that included Fort George , Navy Hall , and Butler 's Barracks . However , the fort would n't be completed until after the war .

The ZEEP ( Zero Energy Experimental Pile ) reactor was a nuclear reactor built at the Chalk River Laboratories near Chalk River , Ontario , Canada ( which superseded the Montreal Laboratory for nuclear research in Canada ) . ZEEP first went critical at 15:45 on September 5 , 1945 . ZEEP 's was the first operational nuclear reactor outside the United States . The reactor was designed by Canadian , British and French scientists as a part of an effort to produce plutonium for nuclear weapons during World War II . It was developed while the Montreal Laboratory and Chalk River Laboratories research facility were under the supervision of the National Research Council of Canada ( NRC ) . ZEEP was instrumental in the development of the NRX and NRU reactors , which led to the development of the successful CANDU reactor . ZEEP was used to test reactivity effects and other physics parameters needed for reactor development at Chalk River Laboratories , including fuel lattices for the NRU reactor situated next door . ZEEP was one of the world 's first heavy water reactors , and it was also designed to use natural ( unenriched ) uranium ; a feature carried through to the CANDU design . Uranium enrichment is a complex and expensive process ; thus , the ability to use unenriched uranium gave ZEEP and its descendants a number of distinct advantages . ZEEP continued to be used for basic research until 1970 . It was decommissioned in 1973 and dismantled in 1997 . In 1966 ZEEP was designated a historic site by Ontario , and commemorated with an historic plaque . Both this plaque and ZEEP itself are now on display at the Canada Science and Technology Museum in Ottawa , Canada .

Johan Jakob Jakobsen ( 15 April 1937 – 30 June 2018 ) was a Norwegian politician , member of the Norwegian Centre Party . He had a long political career , sitting seven terms as a representative in the Norwegian Parliament , first elected in 1973 . This run was not entirely successive , however , as he was a member of two different cabinets in the 1980s . On 8 June 1983 ( in the middle of a term ) , he was assigned to the Kåre Willoch 's centre - right coalition government , with Jakobsen leading the Ministry of Transport and Communications . This government lasted until 1986 . After the 1989 elections , the coalition was once again able to form a government ; this time led by Prime Minister Jan P. Syse . Jakobsen was Minister of Local Government . The rest of his political career , from which he stepped down in 2001 , he was a member of parliament . In addition , he was chairman of the Centre Party from 1979 to 1991 . Together with Per Borten , he is the longest - serving party leader . He was also a noted opponent of Norway joining the European Union . Jakobsen has written one book , titled Mot Strømmen ( Against the Grain in English ) .

France was the last ship of the s , the first dreadnoughts built for the French Navy . She was completed just before World War I as part of the 1911 naval building programme . She spent the war in the Mediterranean , covering the Otranto Barrage in the Adriatic . France , accompanied by her sister ship , was sent to the Black Sea in 1919 to oppose the Bolsheviks during the Russian Civil War . Her crew briefly mutinied in April 1919 from a combination of war - weariness , Communist sympathizers in the crew and difficult conditions . The mutiny and general lack of morale among her crew caused her to return to France later that month . Striking an uncharted rock off the French coast in 1922 , she foundered four hours later .

The New Chinese Empire is a book by Ross Terrill which was published by Basic Books in 2003 and won the Los Angeles Times Book Prize , Current Interest , for that year . The book goes into in - depth explanations about the new and powerful Chinese " empire " and how it affects American society and ideology . It also delves deeply into the psyche of the Chinese government 's internal workings and explains China 's view on domestic and foreign policies . Terrill 's argument connects an ancient dynastic China with the China of today and their blend of idealism and realism , attachment to doctrine , paternalism , and the obsession with national unity . Terrill , a Harvard PhD in Political Science , draws on his professional training and years of visiting China to show in the words of Lucian Pye , " a civilization masquerading as a nation " . He depicts China 's longer - term future , not as having a clash of civilizations , but instead of the universals of human nature and social change . Terrill is also the writer of the biography , Mao which was first banned in the PRC for its " realistic " portrayal of Mao Zedong , then published by the People 's University Press to become a best seller .

EasyJet Airline Company Limited , styled as easyJet , is a British low - cost carrier airline headquartered at London Luton Airport . It operates domestic and international scheduled services on over 820 routes in more than 30 countries . easyJet plc is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index . easyGroup Holdings Ltd ( the investment vehicle of the airline 's founder Stelios Haji - Ioannou and his family ) is the largest shareholder with a 34.62 % stake ( as of July 2014 ) . It employs nearly 11,000 people , based throughout Europe but mainly in the UK . EasyJet has seen expansion since its establishment in 1995 , having grown through a combination of acquisitions and base openings fuelled by consumer demand for low - cost air travel . The airline , along with associate companies easyJet Europe and easyJet Switzerland , operate more than 200 aircraft , mostly Airbus A320 . It has 29 bases across Europe , the largest being Gatwick . In 2014 the airline carried more than 65   million passengers , making it the second - largest airline in Europe by number of passengers carried , behind Ryanair . EasyJet was featured in the television series Airline broadcast on ITV which followed the airline 's operations at London Luton and later at other bases . Its pilot training scheme was the subject of another ITV television series , easyJet : Inside the Cockpit , which premiered in August 2017 .

Ji Chaozhu (; born July 30 , 1929 ) is a retired diplomat who held a number of important positions in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) , most notably as English interpreter for Chairman Mao Zedong and Premier Zhou Enlai ; later as Ambassador to the Court of St. James 's ( United Kingdom ) ; and lastly as an Undersecretary General of the United Nations , a post from which he retired in 1996 . He played a central role in the talks leading up to and during President Richard M. Nixon 's historic visit to China ( 1972 Nixon visit to China ) . His memoir , " The Man on Mao 's Right " , was published in July , 2008 , by Random House .

The Order of Friendship of Peoples ( ) was an order of the Soviet Union , and was awarded to persons ( including non - citizens ) , organizations , enterprises , military units , as well as administrative subdivisions of the USSR for accomplishments in strengthening of inter - ethnic and international friendship and cooperation , for economical , political , scientific , military , and cultural development of the Soviet Union . It was established on December 17 , 1972 , on the occasion of the 50th anniversary of the creation of the Soviet Union . The design of order was created by Alexander Zhuk . The status of Order was slightly amended by the Supreme Council of the Soviet Union in July 1980 . It was abolished in December 1991 . In the Russian Federation it was replaced by the Order of Friendship , also designed by Alexander Zhuk .

The Buffalo Sabres are a professional ice hockey team based in Buffalo , New York . They are members of the Atlantic Division of the Eastern Conference of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) . The team was established in 1970 , along with the Vancouver Canucks , when the league expanded to 14 teams . They have played at KeyBank Center since 1996 . Prior to that , the Buffalo Sabres played at the Buffalo Memorial Auditorium from the start of the franchise in 1970 . The Sabres are owned by Terry Pegula , who purchased the club in 2011 . The team has twice advanced to the Stanley Cup Finals , losing to the Philadelphia Flyers in 1975 and to the Dallas Stars in 1999 . The best known line in team history is The French Connection , which consisted of Gilbert Perreault , Rick Martin and Rene Robert . All three players have had their sweater numbers ( 11 , 7 and 14 , respectively ) retired and a statue erected in their honor at KeyBank Center in 2012 .

Jukkasjärvi ( ) is a locality situated in Kiruna Municipality , Norrbotten County , Sweden with 548 inhabitants in 2010 . It is situated at 321 meters elevation . The name is of Northern Sami origin , where Čohkkirasjávri means lake of assembly , as the area by the lake by which the village was founded was a Sami marketplace . The village got its first Finnish - speaking resident settlers in the 17th century , who changed the name into the more Finnish - sounding Jukkasjärvi , thereby removing its meaning , although järvi ( jávri in Sami ) still means lake in Finnish . This was also the name used by Swedish officials . The village is a popular tourist accommodation during the winter months , from December until April , and is best known for its annual ice hotel , a hotel literally made from ice . The wooden church is the oldest building in the village ( built around 1607/1608 ) and is well known for its wooden carved altar piece triptych by Bror Hjorth .

Veni Domine was a Christian progressive doom metal band . The band was founded in 1987 in Sollentuna , Sweden . The band split up in September , 20th 2014 . Veni Domine combined down - tempo melodic heavy metal , symphonic metal and doom metal with occasional touches of gothic . Originally , the vocalist Fredrik Ohlsson represented operatic , high - pitched vocals but has since shifted to more lower vocal range during the years . Fall Babylon Fall and Material Sanctuary are the band 's significant , acclaimed albums . During the time when these albums were released , Veni Domine was well known in the metal scene . However , as their later albums took longer time to be released and gained average reviews , Veni Domine was more or less forgotten in the metal mainstream . Currently Veni Domine is a cult band of a small audience . Veni Domine does not clearly fit into a specific category ; According to the band , in doom metal festivals they are labeled as " power metal " and in power metal events as " doom metal " . During the early years , the band 's lyrics dealt with apocalyptic themes from Biblical point of view . Later their lyrics was more about personal topics .

The Café Wars took place during the Algerian War , as a part of the internal fighting in France between two rival Algerian nationalist movements , the Mouvement National Algérien and the Front de Libération National ( which later became the ruling political party in independent Algeria ) . The Café Wars are so called because part of the fighting took the form of bomb attacks and assassinations in cafés , directed at supporters of the other party , as they struggled for control and influence over the large Algerian expatriate community and its organizations . Since both organizations operated underground , and were wanted by the French government , the line between a military and a civilian target was hard to draw , and often wilfully disregarded by the combatants . Groups from both the MNA and the FLN resorted to gangland - style killings , intimidation and the murder of civilians to pursue their political goals and secure finances and influence . This led to the Café Wars being portrayed in France as acts of random terrorism , and conflated with attacks on French settlers in Algeria . According to some estimates the Café Wars cost an estimated 5,000 lives . The official French figures are 3,975 dead and a total of 10,223 victims ( dead or wounded ) The Café Wars did not end before Algeria was granted independence in 1962 , by the government of Charles de Gaulle . The FLN had by then routed the MNA 's guerrilla units in Algeria , and for all practical purposes destroyed its organization in France .

Battir ( ) is a Palestinian village in the West Bank , 6.4   km west of Bethlehem , and southwest of Jerusalem . It was inhabited during the Byzantine and Islamic periods , and in the Ottoman and British Mandate censuses its population was recorded as primarily Muslim . In former times , the city lay along the route from Jerusalem to Bayt Jibrin . Battir is situated just above the modern route of the Jaffa – Jerusalem railway , which served as the armistice line between Israel and Jordan from 1949 until the Six - Day War , when it was occupied by Israel . In 2007 , Battir had a population of about 4,000 . In 2014 , Battir was inscribed in the UNESCO World Heritage Site , as Land of Olives and Vines — Cultural Landscape of Southern Jerusalem , Battir .

Club Sport Emelec is an Ecuadorian sports club based in Guayaquil that is best known for their professional football team . The football team plays in the Ecuadorian Serie A , the highest level of professional football in the country . Emelec has won fourteen Serie A titles , holding the record of doing so in all decades in which the Serie A has been played . They also have won seven regional titles ( record in their region ) , a record - tying 5 of them in the professional era . Was the first national champion . Emelec was founded on April 28 , 1929 by George Capwell , the American head of the Electric Company of Ecuador ( ) , from which the club is named after . The name of their home stadium pays homage to the club 's founder . The club 's most intense rivalry is with crosstown - team Barcelona . Matches between the clubs are known as El Clásico del Astillero .

Egges Teater ( ' Egge 's Theatre ' ) was a historic theatre in Norrköping in Sweden , active between 1762 and 1798 . It was the first theatre in Sweden outside the capital of Stockholm . In the 18th - century , Norrköping was the third city in Sweden , and there was a need for more entertainment in the prosperous city . The theatre was founded by the merchant Johan Ulric Egge ( 1730 – 1795 ) , who owned a popular restaurant , and named Egge 's after him . The theatre was situated in the centre of the city , between the Hedvig Church and the bridge across the Motala ström , and near the restaurant , the pleasure gardens and reading parlour own by Egge . The theatre house was relatively simple , a rectangle of wood , 18 metres long . As all theatres in Sweden at the time , with the exception of Stockholm and Gothenburg , it was used by travelling theater companies . Other entertainments where also offered , such as public concerts , vax cabinets , acrobatics , circus performances and bear beating ; liquor was also served . The theater was inaugurated in 1762 by the theater company of Carl Seuerling , who regularly visited the city for thirty years . On 5 August 1776 , Romeo and Juliet by Shakespeare was performed on a Swedish stage for the first time by the Seuerling Company , with Margareta Seuerling as Juliet . In 1795 , during a performance by the theater company of Johan Peter Lewenhagen , La Marseillaise was performed onstage , which lead to a scandal , actions for the de facto regent Gustaf Adolf Reuterholm and for the theatre to be closed . It was replaced by the Saltängsteatern ( ' Salt Medow Theatre ' ) , which became the new stage for visiting theater companies in Norrköping ( 1798 - 1850 ) .

" Sitting at the Wheel " is a 1983 hit single by The Moody Blues , written by John Lodge . It was released in the US as the leadoff single from The Present in August 1983 and debuted on the Billboard Hot 100 on September 3 , 1983 . In the UK , " Sitting at the Wheel " was released in August 1983 as the second single from The Present , following " Blue World " . In interviews , Lodge has stated that he was listening to " Running on Empty " by Jackson Browne when he wrote " Sitting at the Wheel " . The song was a success for The Moody Blues , charting at # 3 on the Mainstream Rock chart and peaking at # 27 on the Billboard Hot 100 .

Mario Arturo Acosta Chaparro Escápite ( 19 January 1942   – 20 April 2012 ) was a Mexican Army general who was shot dead in an incident in Mexico City . He had been incarcerated in the year 2000 for allegedly having ties with the Mexican criminal group known as the Juárez Cartel ; he was later released in 2007 for lack of evidences against him . Acosta was also accused of 143–500 disappearances during Mexico 's " Dirty War " in the 1970s . Acosta Chaparro , son of the Mexican Army general Francisco Acosta Chaparro , was " one of the most controversial military men in Mexico 's modern history . " He was also one of the most " ferocious " persecutors of guerrilla groups during the presidencies of Luis Echeverría and José López Portillo .

Albania Defiant ( ) is a travel book by the Swedish authors Gun Kessle and Jan Myrdal , originally published in 1970 and translated to English in 1976 by Paul Britten Austin . It was reprinted in 1986 , with six additional new chapters . In Swedish it was published by PAN / Nordstedt , in English by Monthly Review Press . The book , which is deeply sympathetic to the Party of Labour of Albania ( PPSh ) , was written by Kessle and Myrdal – who were married until Kessle 's death in 2007 – about their travels in the People 's Republic of Albania . It deals with a number of issues , including the country 's economy , culture and history , as well as the political leadership of Enver Hoxha .

The Maha Yazawin , fully the Maha Yazawindawgyi ( , ) and formerly romanized as the , is the first national chronicle of Burma / Myanmar . Completed in 1724 by U Kala , a historian at the Toungoo court , it was the first chronicle to synthesize all the ancient , regional , foreign and biographic histories related to Burmese history . Prior to the chronicle , the only known Burmese histories were biographies and comparatively brief local chronicles . The chronicle has formed the basis for all subsequent histories of the country , including the earliest English language histories of Burma written in the late 19th century . The chronicle starts with the beginning of the current world cycle according to Buddhist tradition and the Buddhist version of ancient Indian history , and proceeds " with ever increasing detail to narrate the political story of the Irrawaddy basin from quasi - legendary dynasties to events witnessed by the author himself in 1711 . " Since it was written in the late Toungoo period , the chronicle provides its most specific information on dates and descriptions of various events Toungoo kings partook . The chronicle 's portrayal of the 16th century Toungoo Burma , which was also witnessed by many Europeans , has been found by scholars to be largely factual . However , its narrative of the earlier periods is less detailed , showing that the author did not have the full versions of earlier chronicles . Moreover , he did not check any inscriptions , which would have yielded more specific dates and double - checked the events . Nonetheless , the pre-1712 portions of later national Burmese chronicles — including Yazawin Thit , Maha Yazawin Kyaw , and Hmannan Yazawin — are essentially verbatim reproductions of this chronicle , though the later chronicles did correct many of Maha Yazawin 's Pagan Dynasty and pre - Pagan dates based on epigraphic evidence .

Jenő Rejtő ( born Jenő Reich 1905 , died 1943 ; pseudonyms : P. Howard , Gibson Lavery ) was a Hungarian journalist , pulp fiction writer and playwright who died as a forced labourer during World War II . He was born in Budapest , Austria - Hungary , on March 29 , 1905 , and died in Evdakovo , Voronezh Oblast , Soviet Union ( then under Axis occupation ) on January 1 , 1943 . Despite the " pulp " nature of his writings , he is not only widely read in Hungary , but is also much appreciated by literary critics . It is a prevalent opinion that he lifted the genre to the level of serious art , and his works will long outlive him .

Stephen Burpee Appleby ( 1836 – December 10 , 1903 ) was a Canadian politician and lawyer . Appleby was born in Florenceville , New Brunswick . In 1864 , Appleby married Harriet Elizabeth Estey . He was called to the New Brunswick bar in 1869 . Appleby practised law in Woodstock , New Brunswick . He was first elected to the House of Commons of Canada as a member of the Liberal Party in an 1873 by - election held in the riding of Carleton after the death of Charles Connell . Appleby was reelected in the 1874 general election . He was defeated in the 1878 election by Connell 's son George Heber Connell . In 1900 , Appleby returned to politics as a member of the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick .

Leon Eisenberg , ( August 8 , 1922 – September 15 , 2009 ) was an American child psychiatrist , social psychiatrist and medical educator who " transformed child psychiatry by advocating research into developmental problems " He is credited with a number of " firsts " in medicine and psychiatry - in child psychiatry , autism , and the controversies around autism , randomized clinical trials ( RCTs ) , social medicine , global health , affirmative action , and evidence - based psychiatry . Having retired in 1967 from Johns Hopkins Hospital Department of Child and adolescent psychiatry ( he was the chairman of the department after Leo Kanner ) and from Harvard Medical School in 1988 , he continued as The Maude and Lillian Presley Professor of Social Medicine and Psychiatry Emeritus ( and actively serving - lecturing , researching and writing , and mentoring ) in the Department of Global Health and Social Medicine of the Harvard Medical School in the Longwood Medical Area of Boston until a few months before his death in 2009 . He received both his BA and MD degrees from the Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania , taught previously at both the University of Pennsylvania and Johns Hopkins University , and was Chief of Psychiatry at both Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore and the Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston during formative periods in psychiatry for each institution .

The Warmiak are a Polish ethnic group from Warmia who are mostly Roman Catholics and who speak their own dialect of Polish , called gwara warmińska ( see : Dialects of the Polish language ) . Between the 14th and 17th centuries , settlers from northern Mazovia moved to former territories of Old Prussians , following conquests by the Teutonic Order , and the erection of the Monastic state of the Teutonic Knights . The bishopric of Warmia became in 1466 an autonomous part of Royal Prussia , and remained part of Polish – Lithuanian Commonwealth until 1772 ( see : Partitions of Poland ) . While Mazurs in the neighboring Ducal Prussia became Protestants when that Duchy adopted Lutheranism in the 16th century , most Warmiaks , populating the areas around Olsztyn , remained Catholics . During World War II , the Warmiaks were persecuted by the Nazi Germany government , which wanted to erase all aspects of Polish culture and Polish language in Warmia . After the war , due to their Polish roots , they were not victims of Expulsion of Germans after World War II , but in the course of the time , large numbers of Warmiaks decided to leave their native land and settle in more prosperous West Germany .

Created in June 2006 by President of the United States George W. Bush , the Task Force on New Americans is an interagency initiative to help immigrants learn English , embrace the common core of American civic culture , and fully become American . Established within the Department of Homeland Security , Secretary Michael Chertoff serves as Chair of the Task Force . Membership includes representatives from 12 Cabinet - level departments and a technical working committee of eight additional federal agencies . Alfonso Aguilar , Chief of the Office of Citizenship at U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services ( USCIS ) , serves as Chair of the Task Force ’s technical committee . Since it was established more than three years ago , the Task Force has worked to develop interagency initiatives to help immigrants settle in their new country and maximize the use of federal resources in promoting integration . By providing technical resources to communities and organizations , encouraging volunteerism , developing effective training methods , conducting targeted research efforts , and providing recommendations to the President , the Task Force has sought to encourage successful immigrant assimilation in a comprehensive manner .

Piera is a municipality that covers a large portion of the southeastern corner of the comarca of Anoia in Catalonia , Spain , on the left bank of the Anoia river . The agricultural land , mostly non - irrigated , is used for the cultivation of cereals , grapes , olives and almonds . The town itself hosts a number of light industries : textiles , plastics and construction materials . Tourism during the summer months is also relatively important for the local economy . The FGC railway line R6 from Martorell and Barcelona to Igualada runs through the town , while local roads lead to Capellades and Sant Sadurní d'Anoia . Notable monuments include the castle of Fontanet . The castle which was restored in 1916 by Ramon de Viala d'Aiguavives , Baron of Almenar is documented in 955 a.c . and now used for private functions . The sister of the Baron of Almenar , Isabel de Viala d'Aiguavives also financed and patroned the modernist church of Ca n'Aguilera which was donated to Barcelona 's Bishop by Zaragoza de Viala family on 1921 . The architect of Ca N'Aguilera modernist church is Francesc Berenguer i Mestres , who was Antoni Gaudi 's disciple and personal friend . Another Piera relevant monument is the church of Santa Maria , with both gothic and roman elements

Muhammad Akbar Nasution ( born 6 May 1983 ) is an Indonesian former swimmer , who specialised in breaststroke , but also competed in long - distance freestyle and individual medley . Starting as a 17-year - old appearing at the 2000 Summer Olympics , Nasution is considered one of Indonesia 's top - ranked swimmers in his decade . He has won a total of six medals ( three silver and three bronze ) from the Southeast Asian Games since 2001 and has held numerous Indonesian records in long - distance freestyle ( 400 and 800 m ) and in individual medley ( 200 and 400 m ) . At the peak of his sporting career , Nasurion has also travelled extensively across Asia , Australia , and the United States to train for world - class swim clubs , and to further focus on his education , including his four - year stay at Chaffey College in Rancho Cucamonga , California .

Jean IV de Brosse ( 1505 in Lamballe – 1564 ) was the son of René de Brosse and Jeanne de Commines ( daughter of Philippe de Commines ) . After the death of his father at the Battle of Pavia , he succeeded him as Count of Penthièvre . In 1533 , he married Anne de Pisseleu d'Heilly , the mistress of Francis I of France , and was shortly thereafter created Count , then Duke of Étampes . However , he was greatly impoverished by the expenditures necessary to maintain their position at court . With the death of Francis I , the antipathy of Diane de Poitiers compelled Jean to retreat to Brittany , where he had been appointed governor in 1543 ; she also obtained his duchy of Étampes . After the death of Henry II of France and the fall of Diane , he was able to regain the duchy , but died not long thereafter .

Worcester County is the easternmost county of the U.S. state of Maryland . As of the 2010 census , the population was 51,454 . Its county seat is Snow Hill . The county was named for Mary Arundell , the wife of Sir John Somerset , a son of Henry Somerset , 1st Marquess of Worcester . She was sister to Anne Arundell ( Anne Arundel County ) , wife of Cecil Calvert , 2nd Baron Baltimore , the first Proprietor and Proprietary Governor of the Province of Maryland . Worcester County is included in the Salisbury , MD - DE Metropolitan Statistical Area . The county includes the entire length of the state 's ocean and tidewater coast along the Intracoastal Waterway bordering Assawoman Bay , Isle of Wight Bay , Sinepuxent Bay , and Chincoteague Bay between the sand barrier islands of Fenwick Island and Assateague Island bordering the Atlantic Ocean coast . It is home to the popular vacation resort area of Ocean City , founded 1875 , as well as wild habitats on the primitive wilderness areas on Assateague Island and in the Pocomoke River and Swamp .

Patmos ( , ) is a small Greek island in the Aegean Sea , most famous for being the location of the vision given to the disciple John in the Book of Revelation in the New Testament , and where the book was written . One of the northernmost islands of the Dodecanese complex , it has a population of 2,998 and an area of . The highest point is Profitis Ilias , above sea level . The municipality of Patmos , which includes the offshore islands of Arkoi ( pop . 44 ) , Marathos ( pop . 5 ) , and several uninhabited islets , has a total population of 3,047 ( 2011 census ) and a combined land area of . It is part of the Kalymnos regional unit . Patmos ' main communities are Chora ( the capital city ) , and Skala , the only commercial port . Other settlements are Grikou and Kampos . The churches and communities on Patmos are of the Eastern Orthodox tradition . The mayor of Patmos is Gregory Stoikos .

Cranes are a family , the Gruidae , of large , long - legged , and long - necked birds in the group Gruiformes . The 15 species of cranes are placed in four genera . Unlike the similar - looking but unrelated herons , cranes fly with necks outstretched , not pulled back . Cranes live on all continents except Antarctica and South America . They are opportunistic feeders that change their diets according to the season and their own nutrient requirements . They eat a range of items from suitably sized small rodents , fish , amphibians , and insects to grain and berries . Cranes construct platform nests in shallow water , and typically lay two eggs at a time . Both parents help to rear the young , which remain with them until the next breeding season . Some species and populations of cranes migrate over long distances ; others do not migrate at all . Cranes are solitary during the breeding season , occurring in pairs , but during the nonbreeding season , they are gregarious , forming large flocks where their numbers are sufficient . Most species of cranes have been affected by human activities and are at the least classified as threatened , if not critically endangered . The plight of the whooping cranes of North America inspired some of the first US legislation to protect endangered species .

Richard Jackson Jr. ( July 3 , 1764 – April 18 , 1838 ) was a U.S. Representative from Rhode Island . Born in Providence , Rhode Island , Jackson completed preparatory studies in the schools of Providence and Pomfret , Connecticut . He entered the mercantile and cotton manufacturing businesses . He served as president of the Washington Insurance Co. , Providence , Rhode Island from 1800 to 1838 . Jackson was elected as a Federalist to the Tenth Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Nehemiah Knight . He was reelected to the Eleventh , Twelfth , and Thirteenth Congresses and served from November 11 , 1808 , to March 3 , 1815 . He was not a candidate for renomination in 1814 . Jackson served on the board of trustees of Brown University from 1809 to 1838 . He was elected a member of the American Antiquarian Society in 1815 . He died in Providence , Rhode Island , on April 18 , 1838 .

Salammbô ( 1862 ) is a historical novel by Gustave Flaubert . It is set in Carthage during the 3rd century BC , immediately before and during the Mercenary Revolt which took place shortly after the First Punic War . Flaubert 's main source was Book I of Polybius 's Histories . The novel kickstarted a renewed interest in the history of the pre - Imperial Rome 's conflict with the North African Phoenician colony of Carthage . Flaubert 's contemporary readers , familiar with his previous realistic work Madame Bovary , were shocked and , in some instances , even appalled by the indiscriminate violence and sensuality prevalent all throughout the novel which is why , notwithstanding the praise it received for the style it was written in as well as the story it tells , Salammbô remains controversial among the literary circles even to this day . Regardless , it was a massive best - seller which sealed the author 's reputation as one of the most prominent French writers of the 19th century , with even some of the Carthaginian costumes described in it making an impact on the contemporary fashion in France . Since then , however , it has fallen into obscurity in much of the Anglophone world .

Mega Man Star Force , known in Japan as , is a real - time tactical role - playing game , and the first installment in the " Mega Man Star Force " sub - franchise of Mega Man . It was published and developed by Capcom for the Nintendo DS handheld video game console . It was released on December 14 , 2006 in Japan , and in North America on August 7 , 2007 . The game was released in three separate versions simultaneously , subtitled , , and , and each version contains exclusive cards and transformations . However , the Dragon version was initially released exclusively to GameStop and EB Games stores in North America . Despite the similarities , Mega Man Star Force is separate from the Mega Man Battle Network series , taking place many years afterward . Star Force still uses a 3x3 vs. 3x3 playing field style ( similar to Battle Network ) but now in a 3D 3x5 . Both an anime and manga were produced several months prior to the game 's Japanese release date . So far , only the anime has been adapted into English . A sequel , Mega Man Star Force 2 , was released on November 22 , 2007 . Because of the networking capabilities of the Nintendo DS , players are now able to play against each other , trade battle cards , and form something called a Brother Band Network in the game via wireless connectivity .

A saint ’s name is the name of a saint given to individuals at their baptism or confirmation within the Catholic Church . It is believed that the saint whose name is chosen will serve as a special patron to protect , guide , and be the heavenly intercessor for , the individual who bears his or her name . The custom of giving the name of a saint originated in France and Germany during the Middle Ages and is still popular in continental Europe . In many English - speaking countries , however , it is more common for the saint 's name to be adopted upon Confirmation , in which case it would usually not be part of one 's legal name . Under the current Code of Canon Law , Canon 855 of the Code of Canon Law states " Parents , sponsors and parish priests are to take care that a name is not given which is foreign to Christian sentiment , " which would simply prohibit a baptismal name being something in the vein of " Satan , " " Lucifer " or " Death . " However , this was not always the case ; in the 1917 Code of Canon Law , Canon 761 required pastors to ensure the baptismal name was a Christian name such as " Christian , " " Grace " or " Faith " - hence what is now called a given name was once referred to as a Christian name , originating with the pagans of Europe who discarded their pagan names for Biblical ones when they converted to Christianity and participated in baptism - or that an additional saint 's name must be given when the former is impossible . In some cases , parents may give both a saint 's name and a secular name to a child , allowing them to use the saint 's name for religious purposes and the secular name for all other purposes . This is especially common in cultures , such as in South Korea , where traditional given names do not line up with Catholic saints ' names ; many Catholics in English - speaking countries of Korean descent use a Korean forename as well as a saints ' name . In some countries , the saint 's day of the person 's name is celebrated as a birthday is in other countries . A child may also be named after the saint whose feast is the child 's birthday .

Angola – Democratic Republic of the Congo relations refers to the current relationship between Angola and the Democratic Republic of the Congo . Historically , Angola has been closely involved in Congolese politics , taking part in the 1997 war to oust Mobutu Sese Seko from power . It then intervened during the Second Congo War in 1998 on the side of the new administration under Laurent - Désiré Kabila . Since the end of the conflict , the Angolan government remained an ally of President Joseph Kabila and supported him militarily . However , Angola 's main interest is stability in the DRC , and Kabila 's attempts to remain in power and postponement of elections since the end of his term in December 2016 , leading to mass protests , have caused a cooling in relations between the two countries . About 30,000 Congolese refugees fleeing from violence in the Kasaï - Central region of the DRC due to the Kamwina Nsapu rebellion that began in August 2016 entered Angola . By late 2017 , several thousand returned to Congo . In October 2018 , about 300,000 Congolese fled Angola , many of them in response to violence in the mining town Lucapa ; DRC 's foreign minister Léonard She Okitundu summoned Angola ’s ambassador over the expulsion , demanding a “ comprehensive investigation to establish who is responsible for these wrongful acts ” .

The Kaiser class was a class of five battleships that were built in Germany prior to World War I and served in the Imperial German Navy during the war . They were the third class of German dreadnoughts , and the first to feature turbine engines and superfiring turrets . The five ships were , , , , and . As was usual for German battleships of the period , the Kaiser class mounted main guns that were smaller than those of their British rivals : , compared to the guns of the British . All five ships saw action in the North Sea during the war ; they served together as the VI Division of the III Battle Squadron . Four were present during the Battle of Jutland ; was in dock at the time . Of the four ships that took part in the battle , only Kaiser was damaged , being struck by two heavy - caliber shells . The ships also took part in Operation Albion in the Baltic Sea ; during the operation they were reorganized as the IV Battle Squadron , under the command of Vice Admiral Wilhelm Souchon . At the end of the war , all five ships were interned at the British naval base in Scapa Flow . On 21 June 1919 , they were scuttled to prevent their seizure by the Royal Navy . The ships were subsequently raised and broken up for scrap between 1929 and 1937 .

Chapter VIII of the United Nations Charter deals with regional arrangements . It authorizes regional organizations ( such as the African Union ) and even requires attempts to resolve disputes through such agencies ( if available ) prior to intervention by the UN Security Council . However , Article 53 provides that " no enforcement action shall be taken under regional arrangements or by regional agencies without the authorization of the Security Council . " Chapter VIII makes reference to enemy states , which were powers such as Japan and Germany that remained enemies of the UN signatories at the time of the promulgation of the UN Charter ( in the closing months of World War II in mid-1945 ) . There have been proposals to remove these references , but none have come to fruition . Chapter VIII is analogous to Article 21 of the Covenant of the League of Nations , which provides , " Nothing in this Covenant shall be deemed to affect the validity of international engagements , such as treaties of arbitration or regional understandings like the Monroe doctrine , for securing the maintenance of peace . "

Christopher Sacca ( born May 12 , 1975 ) is an American venture investor , company advisor , entrepreneur , and lawyer . He is the proprietor of Lowercase Capital , a venture capital fund in the United States that has invested in seed and early - stage technology companies such as Twitter , Uber , Instagram , Twilio , and Kickstarter , investments that resulted in his placement as No . 2 on Forbes ' Midas List : Top Tech Investors for 2017 . Prior to founding Lowercase Capital in 2010 , Sacca held several positions at Google Inc. , where he led the alternative access and wireless divisions and worked on mergers and acquisitions . Between 2015 and 2017 , he appeared as a " Guest Shark " on ABC 's Shark Tank . In early 2017 , Sacca announced that he was retiring from venture investing .

Klaus Schedl ( born 4 January 1966 in Stuttgart ) is a German composer . Klaus Schedl studied from 1991 to 1996 composition with Hans - Jürgen von Bose at the Salzburg Mozarteum and the Hochschule für Musik und Theater München . In 1993 he founded the piano possibile ensemble for contemporary music . From 1998 he taught at the conservatory of Coimbra . In 2001 he studied on a scholarship of Bavaria at the IRCAM . In 2005 he received a project scholarship from the city of Munich for City Scan München , which was premiered in 2006 as part of the Munich Biennale . In 2010 his opera Tilt , on a libretto by Roland Quitt after the diary of Sir Walter Raleigh , was performed as part of the triple bill entitled Amazonas ( with Der Einsturz des Himmels and In Erwartung ) at the Munich Biennale , also in São Paulo and Rotterdam . In 2011 his song cycle Les Fleurs du Mal after Charles Baudelaire was premiered . Klaus Schedl is a member of the festival A•DEvantgarde .

Zhuge Shang ( died 263 ) was a military officer of the state of Shu Han in the Three Kingdoms period of China . He was the eldest son of the Shu general Zhuge Zhan and a grandson of Zhuge Liang , the first Chancellor of Shu . In 263 , Deng Ai , a general from Shu 's rival state Cao Wei , led an army to attack Shu and showed up in Fu ( 涪 ; in present - day Mianyang , Sichuan ) after taking a shortcut from Yinping ( 陰平 ; present - day Wen County , Longnan , Gansu ) . Zhuge Zhan led the Shu forces to Fu to resist the enemy but retreated to Mianzhu ( 緜竹 ) when he heard that the Shu vanguard had been defeated . Deng Ai sent a messenger to ask Zhuge Zhan to surrender , but Zhuge refused and executed the messenger . In the ensuing battle at Mianzhu , the Shu forces were defeated and both Zhuge Zhan and Zhuge Shang were killed in action . Before joining his father in battle , Zhuge Shang sighed , " My father and I received grace from the State . Our failure to eliminate Huang Hao earlier on resulted in our State being stuck in this disastrous situation now . What can we do with our lives ? "

" My Story " is a single by American R&B ; singer R. Kelly featuring 2 Chainz , written by R. Kelly who co - produced it with Nineteen85 from OVO Sound , for his twelfth solo studio album Black Panties . A snippet of the song was first heard at the BET Awards same year , then another a week after the award ceremony . The song was released on July 23 , 2013 via R. Kelly 's Vevo , and on iTunes a day later . The second snippet was not in the official song for no apparent reason , but later heard on the extended version of the song . The song debuted at # 89 on the hot 100 during the week of the album 's release after many weeks on the bubbling under chart . No official music video will be released , but a documentary music video has been uploaded on R. Kelly 's Vevo channel and a fan video was expected , but was never released .

KMYU , virtual channel 12 ( VHF digital channel 9 ) , is a primary MyNetworkTV - affiliated television station licensed to St. George , Utah , United States . The station is owned by Sinclair Broadcast Group , as part of a triopoly with Salt Lake City - based CBS affiliate KUTV ( channel 2 ) and independent station KJZZ - TV ( channel 14 ) . The three stations share studios on South Main Street in downtown Salt Lake City ; KMYU 's transmitter is located atop Webb Hill , south of downtown St. George . For official FCC purposes regarding a studio location in its city of license , KMYU has its studios in the J.C. Snow Building on East St. George Boulevard in downtown St. George , which also serves as KUTV 's southern Utah news bureau . As the broadcasting radius of KMYU 's signal from St. George does not reach Salt Lake City due to its transmitter being located in the southern portion of the state , the station is simulcast in high definition over KUTV 's second digital subchannel in order to reach that portion of the market , airing on virtual channel 2.2 from KUTV 's transmitter located at Farnsworth Peak in the Oquirrh Mountains , southwest of Salt Lake City ; similarly , because of the location of KUTV 's transmitter , KMYU relays that station 's signal in high definition on its second digital subchannel to provide over - the - air coverage of KUTV 's CBS service to St. George . Many of KUTV 's statewide digital translator stations also distribute both KUTV and the KMYU 2.2 simulcast to the northern and eastern portions of the state .

Wolf Kahler ( born 3 April 1940 ) is a German stage , film , television , and voice actor . From 1975 – 2012 , he appeared in many English language US and UK television and film productions . One of his early roles was Kaiser Wilhelm II in Michael York 's adventure film The Riddle of the Sands . One of his most well - known roles was that of Dietrich in Raiders of the Lost Ark. His voice also appeared in video games including as Kaiser Vlad in Battalion Wars . Kahler played the Prince of Tübingen in Stanley Kubrick 's 1975 film , Barry Lyndon . In 2001 he portrayed a Wehrmacht General in the World War II TV miniseries , Band of Brothers . In the 1982 Clint Eastwood spy thriller Firefox , he played KGB chairman Yuri Andropov . In 2011 Kahler appeared as Dr. Hoffmanstahl in .

Babik Reinhardt ( 8 June 1944 – 13 November 2001 ) was a guitarist and the younger son of gypsy jazz guitarist Django Reinhardt by Django 's second wife , Naguine . His elder half brother Lousson , who was Django 's son by his first wife , Bella , was also a guitarist , but the two grew up in different families and rarely met . Reinhardt was born in Paris . He learned guitar not from his father but from his mother ; his father gave him piano lessons . When Reinhardt was nine years old , his father died . His musical education in guitar was continued by uncles and cousins . Drawn more to jazz fusion than gypsy jazz , Reinhardt recorded with fusion pioneer Larry Coryell and French violinist Didier Lockwood in the 1990s . In 2001 , he died of a heart attack at the age of 57 in Cannes , France . Reinhardt appeared on the album Generation Django ( Dreyfus , 2009 ) , a tribute to his father recorded by multiple musicians , including Django 's grandson , David , and Biréli Lagrène .

George Washington ’s Rye Whiskey is distilled at George Washington ’s reconstructed distillery at Mount Vernon from a recipe discovered by scholars examining the distillery ledgers for 1798 and 1799 . It is distilled in limited quantities and only available for purchase in person . In 1797 , urged on by his farm manager , James Anderson , Washington ramped up production and it produced 600 gallons in 1799 , the year Washington died , the distillery produced nearly 11,000 gallons , making it the largest whiskey distillery in America at that time . On March 22 , 2017 , Governor Terry McAuliffe signed a bill sponsored by Virginia Senator Adam Ebbin ( D-30th ) designating George Washington ’s Rye Whiskey as the official state spirit of the Commonwealth of Virginia .

Zemina ( Korean : 재미나 , originally 제미나 ) was a South Korean software maker brand of Saehan Trading ( Korean : 새한 상사 ) founded in 1981 . They primarily made games for the Daewoo Zemmix , but because it was an MSX computer made to look and be played like a game console , they work on other MSX computers as well . Although many of them were copies of other games , like Super Boy I ( based on Super Mario Bros. ) , they also produced some more original ones in their later years . Korea did not have a copyright law for computer programs until July 1987 . Because of that , many companies , including Zemina , sold unauthorized copies of foreign titles with their own copyright hacked in . Even after that , the new law protected only the program code , not the intellectual property as a whole , so a lot of their " own " games were ports of famous Japanese games . Most of their titles were converted to the Sega Master System as well . In 1992 , they engaged in developing exclusive games for the Master System and Famicom consoles , but not all of them were released . They even released under official license from Konami under the title Salamander II - all the while still selling multi game cartridges full of unlicensed copies of older Konami games .

" Moneytalks " is a song written by Malcolm and Angus Young and produced by Bruce Fairbairn for the hard rock band AC / DC . Originally released on 21 September 1990 on the album The Razors Edge , it was later released as a single in December later that year . A live version of the song recorded on the band 's 1990 – 1991 Razors Edge World Tour appeared on AC / DC 's 1992 live album , Live . The song is one of AC / DC 's biggest hits , breaking the top 40 on the Billboard Hot 100 , the UK Singles Charts , and the Australian ARIA Singles Chart . It is the band 's highest charting single to date in the United States , peaking at # 23 . During their subsequent world tour , thousands of " Angus Bucks " were dropped on the audience during the song . A music video of the song , directed by David Mallet , was also released , featuring a live performance during the tour . The song appears in the trailer to the 2011 film , Moneyball .

Astragalus iselyi is a rare species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name Isely 's milkvetch . It is endemic to Utah in the United States . This perennial herb grows up to 25 centimeters tall . It produces yellowish white flowers nearly 2 centimeters long . The fruit is an inflated , rough - haired legume pod up to 3.8 centimeters long . This plant occurs in three areas in southeastern Utah , two in San Juan County and one in Grand County . It is limited to soils originating from the Morrison and Mancos Formations , and possibly the Paradox Formation . The soils are clay rich in selenium , gypsum , and uranium . Threats to the species include uranium mining in its habitat .

Gurdwara Darbar Sahib Kartarpur ( Punjabi , ) is a gurdwara in Kartarpur , Narowal District , Punjab , Pakistan , 120   km from Lahore . It is built on the historic site where Guru Nanak settled and assembled a Sikh community after his missionary travels . The present gurdwara is built on the site where Guru Nanak died , on 22 September 1539 . The gurdwara is also notable for its location near the border between Pakistan and India . The shrine is visible from the Indian side of the border as Pakistani authorities generally trim the tall Elephant grass that would otherwise obstruct the view . Indian Sikhs gather in large numbers on bluffs to perform darshan , or sacred viewing of the site , from the Indian side of the border .

Deadlight is a 2012 sidescrolling cinematic platforming survival horror video game developed by Tequila Works and published by Microsoft Studios for Xbox 360 and Microsoft Windows . It was released for Xbox 360 in August via Xbox Live Arcade , and for Windows in October via Steam . In 2016 , a Director 's Cut version of the game was released for Windows , PlayStation 4 and Xbox One , published by Deep Silver . The game is intended as a throwback and homage to classic sidescrolling cinematic platformers of the 1980s and early 1990s , such as Prince of Persia , Another World and Flashback . Set in Seattle in 1986 , the game tells the story of Randall Wayne , a former park ranger who sets out to find his family in the aftermath of a zombie apocalypse . Separated from the group with whom he has joined , Wayne must attempt to traverse Seattle to get to the " safe zone " , where he believes his family will be waiting . On the way however , he must avoid both zombie hordes , and a group of vigilantes known as the " New Law " , who have established themselves as the de facto authority in Seattle . As he travels across the city , he begins to question his memory of the events during the early stages of the outbreak . Deadlight received mixed reviews , with critics praising the graphics and atmosphere , but criticizing the game 's brevity and linearity . The PC version was generally seen as superior to the Xbox 360 version . The game was nominated for " Best Debut Game " at the 9th British Academy Games Awards , losing to The Unfinished Swan .

Martti Aiha ( born 1952 ) is a sculptor from Finland . He was born in Pudasjärvi and works in Fiskars . He has made abstracted sculptured wall reliefs and free - standing sculptures . His reliefs made of transparent acrylic sheet give an impression of immateriality , incorporeality and weightlessness . The ornamental , flame - like living shapes have become his trademark . In addition of acrylic and plywood , he works with metal , wood or plastic . Many of Aiha 's works are related to his curiosity of our use of public space . Aiha 's 15 metres high sculpture Rumba in black - painted aluminium was donated to the City of Helsinki by Alko , the government - owned alcohol company , in context of Alko 's 60th anniversary . The sculpture is located in Salmisaari , near Alko 's then headquarters . Aiha received the Swedish Prince Eugen Medal in 2013 .

Vembannur is a village located in the Nedumangad taluk of the Thiruvananthapuram District in Kerala , India . Vembannur comes under the Aruvikkara panchayat of the Nedumangad Taluk . The main attraction of this small village is the Aruvikkara Dam . This dam was built by the rulers of the Travancore princely state for the supply of drinking water to the city of Thiruvananthapuram . , the water from the dam 's reservoir is still in use . The dam is a small one and it has only 20 feet height . But stores a good capacity of water . There is a bridge connecting Vembannur to the outside world in front of the Dam . A single track bridge , which is the one and only road link to the outer world from this village .

NXT TakeOver : R Evolution was a professional wrestling and WWE Network event produced by WWE , under their NXT brand . It was broadcast live on the WWE Network , available to subscribers . NXT TakeOver took place on December 11 , 2014 at NXT 's " home " arena , Full Sail University in Winter Park , Florida and featured six matches as part of the main broadcast and one match prior to the televised portion of the show . The show was the third show in the NXT TakeOver series of Network exclusive shows . The show marked the in - ring debut of Kevin Owens , who had signed with the company in the months prior to the show . The main event was for the NXT Championship with Adrian Neville defending against Sami Zayn , with the added stipulation for the match being that Zayn would have to leave NXT if he did not win the championship . The show featured five additional matches , including matches for the NXT Women 's Championship and the NXT Tag Team Championship .

Montgomery " Scotty " Scott is a fictional character in the science fiction franchise Star Trek . First portrayed by James Doohan in the , Scotty also appears in the , seven Star Trek movies , the episode " " , and in numerous books , comics , and video games . Simon Pegg has assumed the character and appeared in the Star Trek reboot ( 2009 ) and its sequels , Star Trek Into Darkness ( 2013 ) and Star Trek Beyond ( 2016 ) . Chris Doohan , son of James Doohan , has taken on the role of Scotty in the popular web series , Star Trek Continues . Chris has also had roles in the J.J. Abrams films Star Trek and a credited appearance in Star Trek Into Darkness .

George Hendric Houghton ( February 1 , 1820 – November 17 , 1897 ) was an American Protestant Episcopal clergyman . He was born in Deerfield , Massachusetts and graduated from New York University in 1842 and from the General Theological Seminary in 1845 . In 1848 he organized , and until his death was rector of , the Church of the Transfiguration , better known as the " Little Church around the Corner " , in New York City . The story which explains the origin of this name is that , a certain actor having died , his friends requested one of the city pastors to conduct the funeral services . The latter refused , but advised them to try the " little church around the corner . " Houghton was distinguished for his activity in benevolent work . At his death he was succeeded by his nephew , George Clarke Houghton .

Parramatta Stadium was a sports stadium in Parramatta , New South Wales , Australia , 23 kilometres west of Sydney 's central business district . The stadium was the home ground of several western Sydney - based sports teams , at the time of closure the most notable were the Parramatta Eels of the National Rugby League and the Western Sydney Wanderers of the A - League . Cumberland Oval was the local name for the cricket , motor sports & rugby venue that had existed prior to Parramatta Stadium being built , with the area having been used for recreational activities since 1788 , the founding year of the British colony in New South Wales . The stadium also hosted numerous other sporting and cultural events since its opening in 1986 . Michael Jackson performed there during his Bad World Tour on 20–21 November 1987 , and Paul McCartney concluded the Australian leg of The New World Tour with two shows there on 22–23 March 1993 . In 2015 the NSW Government announced that the stadium would be demolished & replaced , and to that end , Parramatta Stadium was demolished in February 2017 , with the new Western Sydney Stadium being built in the same location .

The Carlstadt Public Schools is a community public school district that serves students in pre - kindergarten through eighth grade from the Borough of Carlstadt in Bergen County , New Jersey , United States . As of the 2015 - 16 school year , the district and its one school had an enrollment of 575 students and 42.0 classroom teachers ( on an FTE basis ) , for a student – teacher ratio of 13.7:1 . The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group " DE " , the fifth - highest of eight groupings . District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts . From lowest socioeconomic status to highest , the categories are A , B , CD , DE , FG , GH , I and J. A groundbreaking ceremony for a new elementary / middle school was held on June 4 , 2005 at the site of the new school , adjacent to the Lindbergh School . With the opening of the new Carlstadt Public School , which now serves all of Carlstadt 's K-8 students , the Lincoln and Washington school sites have been turned over to the borough and plans have been developed to convert the sites for senior housing . For ninth through twelfth grades , public school students attend the Henry P. Becton Regional High School in East Rutherford , which serves high school students from both Carlstadt and East Rutherford as part of the Carlstadt - East Rutherford Regional School District . As of the 2015 - 16 school year , the high school had an enrollment of 468 students and 38.7 classroom teachers ( on an FTE basis ) , for a student – teacher ratio of 12.1:1 .

La Reina ( Spanish : " The Queen " ) is a commune of Chile located in Santiago Province , Santiago Metropolitan Region . It was originally the Larraín family ranch ; the corruption of the Larraín surname gives the area its unusual name . It was created in 1963 from an eastern portion of the Ñuñoa commune . La Reina is a leafy , residential commune , inhabited by mostly mid to upper - mid income families and high - income ( La Reina Alta , towards the east ) groups . It consistently ranks in the top five communes with the best quality of life in the Metropolitan Region . A small airport —Aerodrómo Eulogio Sánchez Errázuriz ( better known as Tobalaba)— is located on the southern part . The military recently opened its new hospital complex along the commune 's main avenue Avenida Larraín .

Old Glory is a nickname for the flag of the United States . The original " Old Glory " was a flag owned by the 19th - century American sea captain William Driver ( March 17 , 1803 – March 3 , 1886 ) , who flew the flag during his career at sea and later brought it to Nashville , Tennessee , where he settled . Driver greatly prized the flag and ensured its safety from the Confederates , who attempted to seize the flag during the American Civil War . After the war , Driver 's daughter and niece feuded over which of them owned the original Old Glory . In 1922 , both flags claimed to be the original " Old Glory " became part of the collection of the Smithsonian Institution , where they remain at the National Museum of American History .

The Medical Center of Louisiana at New Orleans ( MCLNO ) was the name of two teaching hospitals in New Orleans , Louisiana , United States . Both hospitals were part of the LSU Health Sciences Center in New Orleans commonly referred to as the LSU Medical School in New Orleans . The two hospitals were Charity Hospital and University Hospital which was later renamed Interim LSU Hospital ( ILH ) . Charity Hospital was severely damaged by Hurricane Katrina and closed while Interim LSU Hospital ( ILH ) was extensively renovated and reopened November 20 , 2006 . A new facility named University Medical Center New Orleans opened on August 1 , 2015 replacing both facilities . The original medical school opened in 1931 . Among its founders was the physician Edgar Hull , who later contradicted the LSU historian T. Harry Williams ' account of the assassination and subsequent death of Huey Pierce Long , Jr.

Trandumskogen is a forest located in Ullensaker , Akershus county , Norway . It was the site of one of the first discoveries in May 1945 of German mass graves in Norway . The German executioner Oskar Hans was the officer in command of the unit performing the executions . In total 173 Norwegians , 6 British and 15 Soviet citizens were executed in Trandumskogen . Many had been sentenced to death by the German occupation forces , but there was also a great number who were subject to arbitrary executions . After the Second World War , Norwegian citizens sentenced for treason , and leading members of the Norwegian national socialist party Nasjonal Samling were forced to open the graves and exhume the bodies of the executed prisoners . The medical identification of the corps was led by professor in forensic medicine Georg Waaler , assisted by dentist Ferdinand Strøm . On 10 October 1954 , the memorial in Trandumskogen was unveiled . Crown Prince Olav stood for the ceremony . Per Palle Storm , artist and sculptor and professor at the National Art Academy had carried out the artistic part of the work . The memorial is carved of light Granite ( Iddefjordgranitt ) . To the south side an inscription is carved in Norwegian . The same text translated into Russian is cut into the east side and in English to the west side . The memorial is located south of the burial ground . The memorial lists the names of those who were executed there . The memorial has status as a Norwegian national memorial . The text on the memorial reads :

Fossò is a town and comune in the province of Venice , Veneto , Italy . It is west of SP13 . The town of Fossò is located in a fertile plain in the territory of the Riviera del Brenta , between Padua and Venice . The name may be derived from the Latin " Fossadum " , a ditch , with reference probably to a minor line of river Brenta . An old sale contract shows that this town was existing at least since 1073 onwards with the consequent assumption that a church was already built here , though we must wait until 1130 to find the first sure mention of the existence of a chapel dedicated to St. Bartholomew , in a letter of the bishop of Padua . In 1761 a new church was dedicated to St. Bartholomew to replace the previous one . In 1797 Napoleon Bonaparte arrived in Italy and with the Treaty of Campo Formio the glorious Republic of Venice ends forever . Under the role of the Napoleonic Kingdom of Italy , the municipalities of Fossò and Sandon are created in 1806 and assigned first to the current Province of Padua and then to the current Province of Venice , the year later . After World War II , Fossò had a good economic development , with the consequent urban expansion and substantial growth of the population , so that in 1957 it was necessary to build a new larger church . Nowadays , either the new and the old church , both dedicated to St. Bartholomew , are standing one opposite to the other on the main square of Fossò . The economical development transformed the town , once mostly agricultural , into a purely industrial and commercial place .

The Ministry of Tourism ( Indonesian : Kementerian Pariwisata , formerly Kementerian Pariwisata dan Ekonomi Kreatif ) is the ministry in Indonesia concerned with administration of tourism . In the 1990s tourism was a directorate , not a ministry . When it became a ministry its name was the Department of Tourism , Posts and Telecommunications ( ) which concerned with administration of postal and telecommunication as well . The name changes to become Department of Tourism , Art and Culture ( ) on Soeharto 's Seventh Development Cabinet after releasing the Posts and Telecommunications responsibility to Department of Transportation . It becomes the State Ministry of Tourism and Art ( ) and changes to become Department of Tourism and Culture ( ) on Gus Dur 's National Unity Cabinet . It become the State Ministry of Culture and Tourism during Megawati 's presidency ( Mutual Assistance Cabinet ) and change the name again to become Ministry of Culture and Tourism during the first term of Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono 's presidency ( United Indonesia Cabinet ) . It changed into Ministry of Tourism and Creative Economy during the second term ( Second United Indonesia Cabinet ) of Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono presidency as the cultural responsibilities was transferred into Ministry of Education and Culture . On 2014 the ministry name changes to become the Ministry of Tourism after President Joko Widodo announce the cabinet line up . Joko Widodo plan to spin off the Directorate General of Creative Economy into a new separate organisation which will be named Creative Economy Agency ( Indonesian : Badan Ekonomi Kreatif ) .

High Rollers is an American television game show that involved contestants trying to win prizes by rolling dice . The format was based on the dice game Shut the Box . High Rollers debuted on July 1 , 1974 , as part of NBC 's daytime lineup . In September 1975 , an accompanying series was launched in syndication and aired once weekly on local stations . Both of these series ended in 1976 , with the daytime series ending on June 11 , 1976 . Alex Trebek , referred to on air as " the man with the action " , was the host for these series . On April 24 , 1978 , NBC brought High Rollers back with Trebek hosting and aired it until June 20 , 1980 , when it was one of three series cancelled to make room for The David Letterman Show . The series was produced by Heatter - Quigley Productions . In 1987 , Merrill Heatter , working solo since his production partner Bob Quigley 's retirement in 1981 , teamed with Orion Television and its subsidiary Century Towers Productions to revive High Rollers with Wink Martindale , this time referred to as " the man with all the action " , as host . This series premiered in daily syndication on September 14 , 1987 , and aired new episodes until May 27 , 1988 . Reruns aired until September 9 , 1988 .

CCR v. Bush is a legal action by the Center for Constitutional Rights against the George W. Bush administration , challenging the National Security Agency 's ( NSA 's ) surveillance of people within the United States , including the interception of CCR emails without first securing a warrant . The lawsuit was filed on January 17 , 2006 . The Center 's lawyers argued that the warrantless wiretap program was : " ... illegal because it lacks judicial approval or statutory authorization , " The Center 's description of the suit stated : The Center filed for summary judgment on March 9 , 2006 . The Center quoted a letter to the United States Senate from then - Attorney - General Alberto Gonzales : On December 11 , 2015 the Center announced that the Appeals Court stands by decision to allow lawsuit against high - level Bush officials for Post-9/11 abuses . The Second Circuit panel roundly rejected the government 's national security justification for racial profiling , writing :

The Netherlands Antilles ( , ; Papiamentu : Antia Hulandes ) was a constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands . The country consisted of several island territories located in the Caribbean Sea . The islands were also informally known as the Dutch Antilles . The country came into being in 1954 as the autonomous successor of the Dutch colony of Curaçao and Dependencies , and was dissolved in 2010 . The former Dutch colony of Surinam , although it was relatively close by on the continent of South America , did not become part of Netherlands Antilles but became a separate autonomous country in 1954 . All the island territories that belonged to the Netherlands Antilles remain part of the kingdom today , although the legal status of each differs . As a group they are still commonly called the Dutch Caribbean , regardless of their legal status .

Neil Humphreys ( born 5 December 1974 ) is an author and resident in Singapore . Brought up in Dagenham , London , England , Humphreys migrated to Singapore in 1996 , left for Australia in 2006 and came back to Singapore in 2011 . He worked as a humour columnist , first at TODAY and then The Straits Times and The New Paper . Humphreys continues to write for newspapers , magazines and websites in Singapore , Malaysia , Japan , Australia , and the UK . His humour , football and lifestyle columns have appeared in FourFourTwo , Esquire , The New Paper , The Age , The Straits Times and TODAY . Humphreys is currently working on an Abbie Rose and the Magic Suitcase TV series .

Martin Auer is an Austrian writer . He was born in Vienna in 1951 . After finishing school , he started but never finished the study of German and History . He was an actor , a singer - songwriter , a journalist , and a magician , before he published his first book in 1986 . Since then , he has published more than 40 titles , about two thirds for children . He has been awarded several prizes , among them the Austrian National Prize for Children 's Literature in 1994 , 1998 , and 2000 . He has been nominated for the Hans Christian Andersen Medal in 1997 , and has been made an Honorary Professor in 2005 . His book , Der seltsame Krieg ( The Strange War ) , is available on the Internet in more than 20 languages . In print , it has been published in German ( ) , Korean , Persian ( ) , and Arabic ( ) . Since 2002 , Martin Auer has been a regular contributor to New Delhi 's Parenting magazine .

" Juliet of the Spirits " is a song recorded by The B-52s . It is the second single from the band 's eighth full - length studio album , Funplex . A digital single and remix were released on September 9 , 2008 . The song was inspired by the film Juliet of the Spirits ( Italian : Giulietta degli spiriti ) , a 1965 surrealist drama about an Italian housewife directed by Federico Fellini . The song 's lyrics project themes of sexual liberation and awakening . Although the song only features the vocals of female singers Cindy Wilson and Kate Pierson , the band has noted that Fred Schneider was a driving force behind the lyrics . The music was written by the band 's guitarist Keith Strickland .

The DARPA Agent Markup Language ( DAML ) was the name of a US funding program at the US Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA ) started in 1999 by then - Program Manager James Hendler , and later run by Murray Burke , Mark Greaves and Michael Pagels . The program focused on the creation of machine - readable representations for the Web . One of the Investigators working on the program was Tim Berners - Lee and to a great degree through his influence , working with the program managers , the effort worked to create technologies and demonstrations for what is now called the Semantic Web and this in turn led to the growth of Knowledge Graph technology . A primary outcome of the DAML program was the DAML language , an agent markup language based on RDF . This language was then followed by an extension entitled DAML+OIL which included researchers outside of the DARPA program in the design . The 2002 submission of the DAML+OIL language to the World Wide Web Consortium ( W3C ) captures the work done by DAML contractors and the EU / U.S. ad hoc Joint Committee on Markup Languages . This submission was the starting point for the language ( later called OWL ) to be developed by W3C 's web ontology working group , WebOnt . DAML+OIL was a syntax , layered on RDF and XML , that could be used to describe sets of facts making up an ontology . DAML+OIL had its roots in three main languages - DAML , as described above , OIL ( Ontology Inference Layer ) and SHOE , an earlier US research project . A major innovation of the languages was to use RDF and XML for a basis , and to use RDF namespaces to organize and assist with the integration of arbitrarily many different and incompatible ontologies . Articulation ontologies can link these competing ontologies through codification of analogous subsets in a neutral point of view , as is done in the Wikipedia . Current ontology research derived in part from DAML is leading toward the expression of ontologies and rules for reasoning and action . Much of the work in DAML has now been incorporated into RDF Schema , the OWL and their successor languages and technologies including schema.org

The De Legibus ( On the Laws ) is a dialogue written by Marcus Tullius Cicero during the last years of the Roman Republic . It bears the same name as Plato ’s famous dialogue , The Laws . Unlike his previous work de re publica , in which Cicero felt compelled to set the action in the times of Scipio Africanus Minor , Cicero wrote this work as a fictionalized dialogue between himself , his brother Quintus and their mutual friend Titus Pomponius Atticus . The dialogue begins with the trio taking a leisurely stroll through Cicero 's familial estate at Arpinum and they begin to discuss how the laws should be . Cicero uses this as a platform for expounding on his theories of natural law of harmony among the classes . The three remaining books ( out of an indeterminate number , although Jonathan Powell and Niall Rudd in their translation for Oxford seem to argue that it may have been six , to bring it in line with the number in de re publica ) , in order , expound on Cicero 's beliefs in Natural Law , recasts the religious laws of Rome ( in reality a rollback to the religious laws under the king Numa Pompilius ) and finally talk of his proposed reforms to the Roman Constitution . Whether or not the work was meant as an earnest plan of action is unknown . Cicero 's basic conservative and traditionalist beliefs led him to imagine an idealized Rome before the Gracchi , with the classes still in harmony . From there , he reformed the worst points of the Roman constitution , while keeping the majority of it . Cicero 's proposed constitution in Book Three must be seen as a renovation of the existing order , not a call to shatter the order and build anew . However , less than a decade after the accepted date for his beginning the manuscript , Julius Caesar crossed the Rubicon , launching the civil war that would end the Republic .

, also known as Force Five : Dangard Ace in the United States , is a Japanese science fiction anime series created by Leiji Matsumoto with Dan Kobayashi . It was licensed by Jim Terry Productions , as part of the Force Five promotion , as " Dangard Ace " . English dialog was written for re - dubbing by Lynn Garrison , who then combined episodes into a feature length presentation . This series gained a cult following on the Showtime network during the 1980s . The titular robot also appeared in Marvel Comics ' Shogun Warriors series , as well as in the eponymous toy line . In 2009 , William Winckler Productions produced three all - new English dubbed movie versions edited from the original series . Winckler , known for Tekkaman the Space Knight , wrote , produced and directed these films , which have been seen on broadband in Japan . Dangard Ace is Matsumoto 's only contribution to Japan 's ubiquitous giant robot genre .

Atanas Badev ( Cyrillic : Атанас Бадев ) ( January 1860 – 21 September 1908 ) was a Bulgarian composer and music teacher . Badev was born in Prilep , Ottoman Empire , present day Republic of Macedonia . studied music in Moscow and St. Petersburg and was taught by , to mention a few , the great Russian composers Balakirev and Nikolai Rimsky - Korsakov . Apart from his choral adaptations of folk and children 's songs , Badev is also the composer of The Liturgy of St. John Chrysostom ( first published in Leipzig in 1898 ) , one of the most significant works of this genre from the end of the 19th century . He is considered an ethnic Macedonian in the Republic of Macedonia . He died at Sofia , Bulgaria .

Herman VI ( c. 1226 – 4 October 1250 ) was Margrave of Baden and titular margrave of Verona from 1243 until his death . A descendant of the Swabian House of Zähringen , he was the son of Margrave Herman V and Irmengard , daughter of Count Palatine Henry V of the Rhine . He succeeded his father in Baden on 16 January 1243 . In 1248 , he married Gertrude of Austria , the niece of the last male member of the Babenberg dynasty , Duke Frederick II of Austria ( 1230 – 1246 ) , and on the basis of that marriage claimed the duchies of Austria and Styria , leaving the rule over Baden to his younger brother Rudolf . However , he had a mighty rival in King Ottokar II of Bohemia , who in 1252 married Frederick 's sister Margaret to legitimize his claims . According to the Privilegium Minus issued by Emperor Frederick Barbarossa in 1156 , the Austrian lands could be bequeathed in the female line , and Herman even obtained the explicit consent by Pope Innocent IV . Nevertheless , the margrave and his son Frederick could not establish themselves in Austria and Styria against the resistance of the local nobility , who preferred Ottokar . Both rivals finally did not prevail , as the duchies were seized as reverted fiefs by the Habsburg king Rudolph I of Germany after Ottokar 's death at the Battle on the Marchfeld in 1278 .

The Wild Wadi Water Park is an outdoor water park in Dubai , United Arab Emirates . Situated in the area of Jumeirah , next to the Burj Al Arab and the Jumeirah Beach Hotel , the water park is operated by Jumeirah International , a Dubai - based hotelier . Wild Wadi has a heated / cooled wave pool , multiple water slides and two artificial surfing machines . In addition , the park had the largest water slide outside of North America , but it has since been removed to make space for two other rides . Another feature of the park is an waterfall that goes off every ten minutes . The water park also has two gift shops , three restaurants and two snack stands . It was featured in The Amazing Race 5 and The Amazing Race Asia 1 , in which teams had to slide down a drop . It was later featured in The Amazing Race Australia 2 , but instead , the teams had to ride the Surf Machine and use boogie boards to surf their way to the end where they got their next clue .

Bruno Kramm ( born 13 October 1967 , in Munich ) is a German musician , known for programming , playing synthesizers and keyboards , co - fronting and performing backup vocals for the electro - industrial duo Das Ich , alongside Stefan Ackermann . Kramm is a multi - instrumentalist , singer - songwriter and founder of the German goth club , " Generation Gothic " . He is also a record producer for a number of musical projects . Known for his iconic " devil - horn hair " , Kramm sports a dark outfit during performances in Das Ich , often being significantly more " made - up " than vocalist Ackermann . His vocals tend to bring up a deeper and more intense feel that contrast Stefan 's fast - paced and shrill , exciting voice . Bruno Kramm was an active member of the Pirate Party Germany and has been appointed by its board as federal commissioner on copyright issues . On the 22nd of April 2016 , Bruno Kramm was arrested by the German police for reading a poem written by comedian Jan Boehmermann ridiculing Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan . In September 2016 Kramm stepped down as party chairman and rejoined Alliance ' 90/The Greens . He said shortly after he never intended to join the Green Party , he is still a member of Pirate Party and it was all part of a " Hack " to win a court case .

Absalom Shade Allan ( November 26 , 1843 – February 1 , 1928 ) was an Ontario merchant and political figure . He represented Wellington West in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario as a Liberal member from 1886 to 1894 . He was born near Preston , Canada West in 1843 , the son of Alexander Allan , who came from Aberdeen , Scotland . His uncle Absalom Shade founded Galt . Allan was educated in Preston , Elora and Toronto . He taught school and then worked as a bookkeeper in Elora . In 1868 , he moved to the village of Clifford , where he opened a general store . He married Kate Bullock in 1871 . Allan served as the first reeve for Clifford and was warden for Wellington County from 1884 to 1885 . He was also a justice of the peace . Allan served as master in the local Masonic lodge and was a member of the Presbyterian church , serving for a time as superintendent of the village Sunday school . In 1893 , he helped draft a Children 's Protection Act . He was defeated in the 1894 election . In 1901 , Allan was appointed sheriff for Wellington County and he moved to Guelph .

The Hauka movement was a religious movement which arose in French Colonial Africa . It consisted of ceremonies , including mimicry and dancing , in which the participants performed the elaborate military ceremonies of their colonial occupiers . It was depicted in Les Maîtres Fous ( The Mad Masters – 1955 ) , a short film directed by Jean Rouch , a well - known French film director and ethnologist . According to some anthropologists , the movement was a form of resistance that began in Niger , but spread to other parts of Africa . According to some anthropologists , this pageant , though historic , was largely done to mock their authority by stealing their powers . Hauka members were not trying to emulate Europeans , but were trying to extract their life force . This stance has been heavily criticized by anthropologist James G. Ferguson , who finds this imitation not about importing colonialism into indigenous culture , but as a way to gain rights and status in the colonial society . The adoption of European customs was not a form of resistance , but to be “ respected by the Europeans . ”

The soundtrack to The Mambo Kings is a solid effort that effectively conveys the atmosphere inherent in the film , which was based on Oscar Hijuelos ’s Pulitzer Prize - winning novel , The Mambo Kings Play Songs of Love . Assembled here is a selection of mambos , rumbas , boleros and cha cha chas performed by stellar artists of the Latin scene including Tito Puente , Celia Cruz , Benny Moré , Johnny Pacheco and Arturo Sandoval mixed with well - known performers with roots in the form like Linda Ronstadt and Los Lobos . Besides this , the Mambo All - Stars are a high energy dance band composed of top studio sidemen from New York City and Los Angeles . With only a couple of exceptions , the tracks were cut specially for the film and as such , add a novel , accurately reflecting the Cuban music sound of the 1950s . The 2000 Elektra updated edition adds a remix of Tito Puente 's " Ran Kan Kan " by Olga Tañón and a rendition of " Beautiful Maria of My Soul " featuring Antonio Banderas and legendary crooner Compay Segundo of Buena Vista Social Club fame .

Yeshiva Rabbi Chaim Berlin or Yeshivas Rabbeinu Chaim Berlin , ( ) is an American Haredi Lithuanian - type boys ' and men 's yeshiva located in Brooklyn , New York . Established in 1904 as Yeshiva Tiferes Bachurim , it is the oldest yeshiva in Kings County . At the suggestion of Meir Berlin ( Bar - Ilan ) , it was renamed for his brother , Chaim Berlin , the chief rabbi of Moscow who had moved to Jerusalem and was one of its leading rabbis at the time of his death . Current enrollment is close to two thousand students including preschool , elementary school , yeshiva ketana , a high school mesivta , a college - level beth midrash , and Kollel Gur Aryeh , its post - graduate kollel division .

A permanent representative is a diplomat who is the head of a country ’s diplomatic mission to an international organisation . Organizations that receive permanent representatives from their member states include the United Nations , the World Trade Organization , NATO , the European Union , the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation , and the Organization of American States . Permanent representatives can be sent to subunits or field offices of an organization . For example , in addition to the permanent representatives sent to the United Nations headquarters in New York City , UN member states also appoint permanent representatives to other UN offices , such as those in Geneva , Nairobi , and Vienna . Permanent representatives are often informally described as ambassadors . However , although a permanent representative typically holds the diplomatic rank of an ambassador , because he or she is accredited to an international organisation the official title is permanent representative . For example , the United States Ambassador to the United Nations is technically called the Permanent Representative to the UN , even though he or she is widely referred to as an ambassador . Diplomatic representatives of the Pope are titled apostolic nuncio or papal nuncio , which is equivalent to permanent representative . Some international organizations , such as UNESCO , use the title permanent delegate to refer to the head of a diplomatic mission accredited to them .

Olga Grigoryevna Shatunovskaya (; 1901 , Baku – 1990 ) was a member of Shvernik Commission created by Nikita Khrushchev to investigate Stalin 's crimes . Shatunovskaya became a Communist party member when she was 16 . She worked at the party 's Baku organization since 1919 . During the 1930 - 1950s she was a prisoner of Stalinist regime , then she became a member of the Soviet Commission of Party Control , and head of a special commission on rehabilitation . She was the chief - investigator of the Kirov murder . Shatunovskaya was honored with the highest Soviet medals . Her memoirs , recorded by her children and grandchildren , were turned into a book by philosopher and essayist Grigory Pomerants under the title Sledstvie vedet katorzhanka [ Investigation led by convict ] , published in 2004 .

Fanny Rabel ( August 27 , 1922 in Poland – November 25 , 2008 in Mexico City ) , born Fanny Rabinovich , was a Polish - born Mexican artist who is considered to be the first modern female muralist and one of the youngest associated with the Mexican muralism of the early to mid 20th century . She and her family arrived to Mexico in 1938 from Europe and she studied art at the Escuela Nacional de Pintura , Escultura y Grabado " La Esmeralda " , where she met and became friends with Frida Kahlo . She became the only female member of “ Los Fridos ” a group of students under Kahlo ’s tutelage . She also worked as an assistant and apprentice to Diego Rivera and David Alfaro Siqueiros , painting a number of murals of her own during her career . The most important of this is Ronda en el tiempo at the Museo Nacional de Antropología in Mexico City . She also created canvases and other works , with children often featured in her work and one of the first of her generation to work with ecological themes in a series of works begun in 1979 .

Johan Peter Falk ( 26 November 1732 – 31 March 1774 ) was a Swedish botanist and an apostle of Carl Linnaeus . His first name is sometimes spelled " Johann " ; his middle name is sometimes spelled " Pehr " ; and his last name is sometimes spelled " Falck " . Falk was born in Broddetorp , Västergötland . He studied at the University of Uppsala under Carl Linnaeus . Falk travelled to St Petersburg , and participated in the Russian expedition ( 1768–1774 ) organised by the German scientist Peter Simon Pallas . Falk took his own life in Kazan . Falk 's notes were published in Germany as Beyträge zur topgraphischen Kentniss des russischen Reichs I.III ( 1785 – 1786 ) . They were edited by Johann Gottlieb Georgi .

Wanna Be a Star is the ninth album by the Canadian rock band Chilliwack , released in September 1981 . At this point , the band had collapsed into a trio , without a full - time drummer , but leader Bill Henderson and guitarist / keyboardist / drummer Brian MacLeod had become a powerful songwriting team during the interim . The single release " My Girl ( Gone , Gone , Gone ) " became the group 's first hit since the 1979 collapse of their former label Mushroom Records , reaching # 1 in Canada and giving Chilliwack their U.S. Top 40 breakthrough peaking at # 22 on the Billboard Hot 100 : " My Girl ( Gone , Gone , Gone ) " also gave Chilliwack their only evident chart item outside North America reaching # 57 in Australia with a disproportionately long chart run of 28 weeks . The success of " My Girl ( Gone , Gone , Gone ) " led to a touring version of Chilliwack re - forming . The album 's second single : " I Believe " , released in early 1982 , was also a Top 10 Canadian hit and returned Chilliwack to the U.S. Top 40 at # 33 . Overall the album is something of a concept album about the " rock and roll " lifestyle and the pursuit of fame . The leadoff track " Sign Here " is a reference to Chilliwack 's new quest for mainstream success , tempered by their brush with fame on Mushroom . This was the first album they recorded with Solid Gold Records in Canada , a new Toronto - based label .

The Battle of Ager Falernus ( or the Battle of the Falernian Territory ) was a skirmish during the Second Punic War between the armies of Rome and Carthage . After winning the Battle of Lake Trasimene in Italy in 217 BC , the army commanded by Hannibal marched south and reached Campania . The Carthaginians ultimately moved into the district of Falernum , a fertile river valley surrounded by mountains . Quintus Fabius Maximus Verrucosus , who had been elected Roman dictator and commander of the Roman field forces after the disastrous defeat at Trasimene , had dogged Hannibal and stuck to a strategy to fight only under favourable conditions ( Fabian Strategy ) . He now occupied all the river crossings and mountain passes leading out of the valley , thus blocking the Carthaginians inside . After stripping the area of grain , cattle and other supplies , Hannibal displayed brilliant tactics to provoke the Roman guard to leave one of the passes . Despite the protests of his staff officers Fabius , who was camped near the pass with his main forces , refused to attack the Carthaginian army and it escaped the trap unscathed .

" Desperate Souls " is the eighth episode of the first season of the American Fairy Tale / Drama television series Once Upon a Time . It was written by consulting producer Jane Espenson , and was directed by Michael Waxman . Espenson wrote it to give viewers some " crucial facts " about Rumpelstiltskin 's origins . Guest stars included Brad Dourif , Giancarlo Esposito , Beverley Elliott , Ty Olsson , Meghan Ory , and Dylan Schmid . The series takes place in the fictional seaside town of Storybrooke , Maine , in which the residents are actually characters from various fairy tales that were transported to the " real world " town by a powerful curse . In this episode , Emma Swan ( Jennifer Morrison ) runs for Sheriff against Regina 's ( Lana Parrilla ) candidate , Sidney Glass ( Esposito ) . Meanwhile , in the episode 's flashbacks , Rumpelstiltskin 's ( Robert Carlyle ) backstory is revealed . " Desperate Souls " first aired in the United States on ABC on January 8 , 2012 . Its broadcast was watched by an estimated 10.35 million viewers , a 29 percent increase from the previous episode . Television critics gave mostly positive reviews to the episode ; most praised Carlyle 's performance , but one noted that the storytelling was beginning to " feel stale . "

Inchbonnie is a rural locality in the West Coast region of New Zealand 's South Island . " Inchbonnie " is a hybrid of Lowland Scots , bonnie meaning " pretty " and Scottish Gaelic innis meaning island , often anglicised as " Inch " , as in Inchkeith or Inchkenneth in Scotland . It allegedly receives of rain a year . It is located on the north bank of the Taramakau River and is just to the south of Lake Poerua . State Highway 73 and the Midland Line railway both pass through Inchbonnie , though the TranzAlpine passenger train does not stop . On 17 March 2006 , Inchbonnie was the location for the release of insects in an attempt to eradicate the ragwort weed from the West Coast .

Samuel G. Freedman is an American author and journalist and currently a professor at the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism . He has authored six nonfiction books , including Who She Was : A Son 's Search for His Mother 's Life , a book about his mother 's life as a teenager and young woman , and Letters to a Young Journalist . Freedman has also won the National Jewish Book Award in 2000 in the Non - Fiction category for Jew vs. Jew : The Struggle for the Soul of American Jewry , and his book The Inheritance : How Three Families Moved from Roosevelt to Reagan and Beyond was a finalist for the 1997 Pulitzer Prize . Additionally , he currently writes The New York Times column " On Religion " and formerly wrote The Jerusalem Post column " In the Diaspora . " His latest book , Breaking the Line : The Season in Black College Football That Transformed the Sport and Changed the Course of Civil Rights , was published in New York , in August 2013 by Simon & Schuster .

Gary DeLong is an American former soccer goalkeeper . In 1958 , DeLong graduated from Balboa High School in San Francisco , California where he was a 1958 All State / San Francisco Section soccer player . He is a member of the San Francisco Prep Hall of Fame . In 1968 , he played nine games for the Vancouver Royals of the North American Soccer League . That year , he also earned six caps with the U.S. national team . His first game came in a 3 - 3 tie with Israel on September 15 , 1968 . He was also in goal for the 4 - 0 loss to Israel ten days later . He played three 1970 FIFA World Cup qualification games that year , a loss to Canada on October 17 and two victories over Bermuda on November 2 and 10 .

Epic And Other Hits is a compilation album released by Faith No More in 2005 . Despite the album 's title , only a handful of songs on it are actual hits , even though the band had other hits which do not appear here . The compilation greatly focuses on the band 's 1989 album The Real Thing , with six out of the ten tracks taken from it . Epic And Other Hits is generally considered a " weak " compilation , and many fans see it as a way to cash in on the success of Mike Patton . Most notably , the Mosley - era track " Arabian Disco " is included , from the We Care A Lot album , which is currently out of print on CD . The album also contains no tracks from King for a Day ... Fool for a Lifetime or Introduce Yourself . It is presumed that this album consists of a small selection of songs licensed by Warner Bros Records to the budget label Flashback , and as such no other songs could be included without breaching copyright . This compilation is generally not mentioned in the band 's canon due to their lack of involvement in it .

The following is the discography of Dutch music producer and DJ Afrojack . His song " Take Over Control " , which features Dutch singer Eva Simons , charted in 10 different countries . He released his debut EP Lost & Found on December 22 , 2010 . In 2011 , he was featured on Pitbull 's number 1 hit single " Give Me Everything " along with Ne - Yo and Nayer . He also contributed to the single " Run the World ( Girls ) " by Beyoncé , who initially did not include his credits on the track but was eventually forced to do so after Afrojack filed a case against her . His debut album , Forget the World , was released on 16 May 2014 .

A Mountain Feist is a UKC and NKC breed of dog . The Mountain Feist was created in the southern portion of North America . It is sometimes mistaken for a rat terrier or a Jack Russell terrier . The ancestral homeland of the Mountain Feist is the Southern Appalachian and Ozark Mountains . Written accounts of the dogs go back centuries to a poem by Abraham Lincoln ( " The Bear Hunt " ) and George Washington 's diary . A feist dog is also featured in William Faulkner 's " Go Down Moses " . It is uncertain how long feist dogs have been in America but it is generally accepted that they played a vital role in the lives of early pioneers just like their larger relatives , curs .

The Southern Maryland Blue Crabs is an American professional baseball team based in Waldorf , Maryland . They are a member of the Freedom Division of the Atlantic League of Professional Baseball , an independent baseball league which is not affiliated with Major League Baseball . From the 2008 season to the present , the Blue Crabs have played their home games at Regency Furniture Stadium . They represent the counties of Charles , Calvert , and St. Mary 's , which are located on the Southern Maryland peninsula between Chesapeake Bay and the Potomac River . In 2006 , Southern Maryland residents chose the name " Blue Crabs " in a team - sponsored fan ballot . The name refers to the indigenous blue crab , the official state crustacean of Maryland . The Blue Crabs ' fanbase has the nickname of " Crustacean Nation " , an allusion to the Cardinal Nation and the Red Sox Nation fan clubs of the St. Louis Cardinals and Boston Red Sox .

The Immortal Alamo is an American silent film released on May 25 , 1911 . The Immortal Alamo is the earliest film version of the events surrounding the 1836 Battle of the Alamo . The film was directed by William F. Haddock , and produced by Gaston Méliès . The film 's cast included Francis Ford , Edith Storey , William A. Carroll and one hundred cadets from the Peacock Military Academy . The film was said to be 10 minutes in length , and focused on " pretty girl , shy hero , and a villain " formula during the battle . After the Mexican army lays siege to the mission , Lieutenant Dickenson departs with a dispatch to General Sam Houston . Senor Navarre makes sexual advances on Dickenson 's wife , Lucy , who is saved by Colonel William B. Travis . Navarre is ousted from the mission and provides information on the Alamo to General Antonio López de Santa Anna so that he can marry Lucy Dickenson . Lieutenant Dickenson returns with reinforcements before the wedding and kills Senor Navarre . The final scene of the film shows Santa Anna surrendering as a " common soldier " . The film has been noted as historically inaccurate in its plot , but that it tries for accuracy in its setting . Reviews of the film were mixed and C. H. Claudy 's criticism of the film is a striking contemporary account of the film 's depiction . No known copies of the film exist today , and it is considered to be a lost film .

Franklin Harper Elmore ( October 15 , 1799May 29 , 1850 ) was a United States Representative and Senator . Born in Laurens District , the son of John Archer Elmore , he graduated from the South Carolina College at Columbia in 1819 , studied law , was admitted to the bar in 1821 and commenced practice in Walterboro . He was solicitor for the southern circuit from 1822 to 1836 , a colonel on the staff of the Governor from 1824 to 1826 , and was elected as a State Rights Democrat to the Twenty - fourth Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of James H. Hammond . Elmore was reelected to the Twenty - fifth Congress and served from December 10 , 1836 , to March 4 , 1839 . From 1839 to 1850 he was president of the Bank of the State of South Carolina 1839 - 1850 ; he declined appointment by President James Polk as Minister to Great Britain . Elmore was appointed as a Democrat to the U.S. Senate to fill the vacancy caused by the death of John C. Calhoun and served from April 11 , 1850 , until his own death in Washington , D.C. in 1850 . He was interred in the First Presbyterian Churchyard in Columbia .

Edmund Franciszek Maurycy Chojecki (; Wiski , Podlasie , 15 October 1822 – 1 December 1899 , Paris ) was a Polish journalist , playwright , novelist , poet and translator . Originally hailing from Warsaw , from 1844 he resided in France , where he wrote under the pen name Charles Edmond . Early on , Chojecki participated in leftist intellectual and political movements and edited Polish poet Adam Mickiewicz 's political weekly magazine La Tribune des Peuples ( The Peoples ' Tribune ) . In time he entered elite Parisian learned and literary circles , became secretary to Emperor Napoleon III , and co - founded the Paris daily Le Temps , predecessor to Le Monde . Chojecki wrote a notable Polish - language novel , Alkhadar ( 1854 ) , and translated into Polish ( 1847 ) Jan Potocki 's celebrated novel , The Saragossa Manuscript .

You Do Your Thing is the fourth studio album by American country music duo Montgomery Gentry . It was released in 2004 ( see 2004 in country music ) and has been certified platinum by the RIAA . The album produced the duo 's first Number One hit on the Billboard country music charts in " If You Ever Stop Loving Me " ; other singles included the title track , " Gone " , and " Something to Be Proud Of " ( also a Number One ) . " If It 's the Last Thing I Do " was also recorded by Brooks & Dunn on their 2001 album , Steers & Stripes , and in 2004 by James Otto on his album Days of Our Lives . Both of these renditions were titled " The Last Thing I Do " .

Angel Delight is the sixth album by the British folk - rock band Fairport Convention . This was the first Fairport Convention album without guitarist Richard Thompson , and the lineup consisted of Simon Nicol ( guitar , vocals ) ( the only original group member ) , Dave Swarbrick ( violin , vocals ) , Dave Pegg ( bass , vocals ) , and Dave Mattacks ( drums ) . The title derives from " The Angel " in Little Hadham , Hertfordshire , a former pub which the band were living in at the time , and the eponymous track is autobiographical , referring to " John the Wood " ( co - producer ) , " Dave the Drum " ( Mattacks ) , and even details such as " peer through the haze watching Top of the Pops " . The band moved out of The Angel shortly after the album 's release , partly because a lorry had run , out of control , into Dave Swarbrick 's bedroom . The U.K. album cover included liner notes consisting of dialogue among band members and roadies preparing to leave " The Angel " for a gig , that was replaced on American and Canadian copies by a more straightforward , biographical liner essay . Musically , Angel Delight progressed little from its predecessors , although an appearance on Top of the Pops as a featured album contributed to its chart success ; it reached number eight on the UK Album chart , making it the band 's highest charting album in the UK .

Eric Henry Monkkonen ( August 17 , 1942 in Kansas City , Missouri – May 30 , 2005 in Culver City , California ) was an American urban and social science historian who conducted authoritative studies on the history of crime as well as urban development . His work produced evidence that countered and overturned many assumptions , such as that crime rates are higher in urban areas , and increased during post - war periods and economic downturns . His works on the history of crime in several cities were extensive , cataloging close to every recorded homicide in New York City since 1798 , and every homicide in Los Angeles since 1827 , and conducting extensive studies on several more cities , primarily in the Western world . At one time he believed that murder was largely " a problem of men " , and that " If men take charge of anything ... it must be of the notion that real men do n't kill , that self - respect means shrugging off an insult , and that the better manliness accrues to him who does not fight . Other countries have done this , and so can the United States . "

Bismarck ( ) is the capital of the U.S. state of North Dakota and the county seat of Burleigh County . It is the second - most populous city in North Dakota after Fargo . The city 's population was estimated in 2017 at 72,865 , while its metropolitan population was 132,142 . In 2017 , Forbes magazine ranked Bismarck as the seventh fastest - growing small city in the United States . Bismarck was founded by European Americans in 1872 on the east bank of the Missouri River . It has been North Dakota 's capital city since 1889 , when the state was created from the Dakota Territory and admitted to the Union . Bismarck is across the river from Mandan , named after a historic Native American tribe of the area . The two cities make up the core of the Bismarck - Mandan Metropolitan Statistical Area . The North Dakota State Capitol , the tallest building in the state , is in central Bismarck . The state government employs more than 4,000 in the city . As a hub of retail and health care , Bismarck is the economic center of south - central North Dakota and north - central South Dakota .

Hideo Hatoyama ( 2 February 1884 – 29 January 1946 ) was a Japanese jurist whose writings about civil law were influential in pre - World War II Japan . Hatoyama was part of the prominent Hatoyama family . His father Kazuo Hatoyama was speaker of the House of Representatives of Japan during the Meiji era , and his brother Ichirō Hatoyama was an influential politician and minister in the 1930s and 40s . Through him , Hideo Hatoyama was able to exert great influence on Japanese jurisprudence . After graduating from Tokyo Imperial University in 1908 and subsequent graduate studies in France and Germany , he taught law at his alma mater from 1916 to 1926 , after which he worked as a lawyer and left his professorship to his student Sakae Wagatsuma . Hatoyama wrote influential treatises and textbooks on legal transactions ( 1910 ) and the law of obligations ( 1916 ) , but his ideas fell out of fashion after Izotaro Suehiro 's attacks on German - style jurisprudence of concepts . Fluent in English , Hatoyama was a member of the Anglican Church in Japan and for many years served as the elected warden of St. Barnabas ' Church in Ushigome .

Arthur Looss ( 16 March 1861 – 4 May 1923 ) was a German zoologist and parasitologist . Looss was born in 1861 in Chemnitz , and was educated both there and in Łódź , Poland . Thereafter , he studied at the University of Leipzig , where he received a doctorate for his study of trematodes . Looss was sent by Rudolf Leuckart to Egypt to study the transmission of bilharzia , where he became accidentally infected with hookworm , and in so doing discovered the method by which the larvae penetrate the skin . He spilt some larval culture onto his hand in 1896 , while dropping it into the mouths of guinea pigs ; observing the irritation this caused to his skin , he hypothesised that infection pass through the skin . He examined his faeces at intervals and found hookworm eggs in it a few weeks later . The paper he wrote about the life cycle of the hookworm is considered a classic in the field . He later described the species as Ancylostoma duodenale . Looss continued to work as a professor of parasitology and biology in Egypt until the outbreak of the First World War . It is reported that " Looss ' enthusiasm and energy as a research worker have probably seldom been surpassed , and all his work was characterized by a painstaking attention to detail that is unfortunately rare " . Looss died on May 4 , 1923 , in Gießen , Germany .

Biz Television ( commonly referred to as BizTV ) and BizTalkRadio is a national multimedia broadcast network that is owned by Centerpost Ltd. The channel features programming devoted to entrepreneurs and small business owners . Uplinking facilities are located in Little Rock , Arkansas . The channel 's corporate offices are located in Arlington , Texas . Much of the radio and television content of BizTalkRadio and BizTV is the same on each medium , with numerous talk radio shows being carried on both . BizTV is available to approximately 44 Million television households in the United States . In addition to the household coverage across the US , BizTV is offered as an OTT feed ; the feed is currently on a paywall and required a paying subscription , with a subscription it can be streamed LIVE or on demand via the site , Roku or WebTV . ( The radio feed is free and does not require a paywall . )

Soknedal is a village in Midtre Gauldal municipality in Trøndelag county , Norway . The village is located along the river Sokna which flows north and later joins the river Gaula . The Dovrebanen railway line and the European route E06 highway both run through the village , heading to the city of Trondheim which is about to the north . The village of Støren lies about to the north and the village of Berkåk lies about to the south . The village has a population ( 2017 ) of 310 which gives the village a population density of . The village of Soknedal was the administrative centre of the old municipality of Soknedal which existed from 1841 until 1964 . Soknedal Church is located in the village .

Alexander " Alex P " Papaconstantinou ( Greek : Αλέξανδρος " Άλεξ " Παπακωνσταντίνου ; born 29 December 1979 in Brännkyrka , Sweden ) , is a Greek - Swedish songwriter and music producer of Greek origin . He has worked with a number of artists including Antique , Elena Paparizou , Arash , Anna Vissi , Cameron Cartio , Eleni Foureira and Sarbel . In 2011 , Papaconstantinou adopted the production pseudonym Alex P and started collaborating with record producer RedOne , joined RedOne 's production and 2101 songs writing team . His collaboration continued until 2014 . Along with Adam Baptiste , Papaconstantinou has also been credited as a featured artist under the name " The WAV.s " . Since 2017 , he has been a member of the pop band VAX . Papaconstantinou has also co - written a number of notable songs for Eurovision Song Contest for Sarbel ( Greece ) , Aysel and Arash ( Azerbaijan ) and Ivi Adamou and Eleni Foureira ( Cyprus ) .

Donaldson Air Force Base is a former facility of the United States Air Force located south of Greenville , South Carolina . It was founded in 1942 as Greenville Army Air Base ; it was deactivated in 1963 and converted into a civilian airport . It is currently an active airfield known as Donaldson Center Airport . It was used by the United States Army Air Forces ' Third Air Force as a B-25 Mitchell medium bomber training airfield during World War II . It was home to C-124 Globemaster II transports and called " The Airlift Capital of the World " for its role in the Berlin airlift , Korean War , and Cold War , being assigned to both Tactical Air Command ( TAC ) and the Military Air Transport Service ( MATS ) .

Felix Gilbert ( May 21 , 1905 – February 14 , 1991 ) was a German - born American historian of early modern and modern Europe . Gilbert was born in Baden - Baden , Germany to a middle - class Jewish family , and part of the Mendelssohn Bartholdy clan . In the latter half of the 1920s , Gilbert studied under Friedrich Meinecke at the University of Berlin . Gilbert 's area of expertise was the Renaissance , especially the diplomatic history of the period . He was a fellow of the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton from 1962 to 1975 , and maintained an active involvement as an emeritus faculty member until his death in 1991 . The main reading room of the German Historical Institute in Washington , D.C. is named in his honor .

USS Haas ( DE-424 ) was a John C. Butler - class destroyer escort acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War II . The primary purpose of the destroyer escort was to escort and protect ships in convoy , in addition to other tasks as assigned , such as patrol or radar picket . Haas ( DE-424 ) was named in honor of John William Haas who was awarded the Navy Cross after he was lost in action 4 June 1942 during the Battle of Midway . She was launched 20 March 1944 by the Brown Shipbuilding Co. , Houston , Texas ; sponsored by Mrs. Gladys Winifred Haas , widow of Chief Machinist Haas : and commissioned 2 August 1944 , Lt . Comdr . A. M. White , USNR , in command .

Đuka Lovrić ( born 23 August 1927 in Sarajevo , Kingdom of Yugoslavia - died 20 February 1957 in Sarajevo , FPR Yugoslavia ) was a Yugoslav professional footballer . He fell in love with the game by watching his older brother , Bosnian footballer Franjo Lovrić , play . After the end of the war he joined newly - formed Sloboda with his brother and the two eventually joined FK Sarajevo which was formed a year later by the fusion of Sloboda and another Sarajevo - based side , Udarnik . He spent 9 years playing for FK Sarajevo during which time he earned 196 caps and scored 78 goals for the maroon - whites , earning him a call - up to the Yugoslavia national team for a friendly against England in Belgrade . In the autumn of 1954 he became terminally ill and soon after had to retire from professional football at the age of 27 . He played his last match for FK Sarajevo on 5 June 1955 against NK Zagreb .

The Independence Party of America ( IPA ) was a political party in the United States , founded on September 23 , 2007 as a coalition of existing state parties bearing the Independence Party name . Its National Chairman was Frank MacKay , chairman of the Independence Party of New York . Dean Barkley , a former United States Senator and Independence Party of Minnesota activist , agreed to play an advisory role with the new party . The Independence Party of Minnesota voted to affiliate with the new national party at its state convention on January 26 , 2008 , though it later disafilliated . The Reform Party of Pennsylvania affiliated on October 22 , 2007 and the Independent Green Party of Virginia affiliated on January 10 , 2008 . The party 's website was defunct in April 2013 . The various state parties each went their separate ways ; for example , in the 2016 presidential election , the Minnesota party endorsed Evan McMullin and the New York party cross - endorsed Libertarian nominee Gary Johnson .

The United States Army Security Agency ( ASA ) was the United States Army 's signals intelligence branch . The Latin motto of the Army Security Agency was Semper Vigiles ( Vigilant Always ) , which echoes the declaration , often misattributed to Thomas Jefferson , that " " The Agency existed between 1945 and 1976 and was the successor to Army signals intelligence operations dating back to World War I. ASA was under the operational control of the Director of the National Security Agency ( DIRNSA ) , located at Fort Meade , Maryland ; but had its own tactical commander at Headquarters , ASA , Arlington Hall Station , Virginia . Besides intelligence gathering , it had responsibility for the security of Army communications and for electronic countermeasures operations . In 1977 , the ASA was merged with the US Army 's Military Intelligence component to create the United States Army Intelligence and Security Command ( INSCOM ) .

Notts County Ladies Football Club , now defunct , was a women 's football club based in Nottingham , England . Like the club 's male affiliate Notts County FC , they played their home games at Meadow Lane . Notts County Ladies were created in 2014 when Lincoln Ladies were controversially relocated from Lincoln to Nottingham and rebranded . The club were originally formed in Lincoln in 1995 and also spent a period known as Lincoln City Ladies while affiliated to Lincoln City . Sincil Bank and other smaller venues staged the club 's matches during their time in Lincoln . The club was named OOH Lincoln Ladies from 2008 until 2010 , due to sponsorship from Ray Trew 's OOH Media PLC . The club withdrew from the FA WSL 1 , the top tier in the English women 's football league system , two days before the start of the FA WSL Spring Series on 21 April 2017 .

Konstantin Dejanović (; 1365 - 95 ) was a Serbian magnate that ruled a large province in eastern Macedonia under Ottoman suzerainty , during the fall of the Serbian Empire . He succeeded his older brother Jovan Dragaš , who had been an Ottoman vassal since the Battle of Maritsa ( 1371 ) which had devastated part of the Serbian nobility . The brothers had their own government and minted coins according to the Nemanjić style . His daughter Jelena married Byzantine Emperor Manuel II Palaiologos in 1392 . He fell at the Battle of Rovine ( 17 May 1395 ) , serving the Ottomans against Wallachia , fighting alongside Serbian magnates Stefan Lazarević and Marko Mrnjavčević . Konstantin 's grandson , last Byzantine Emperor Constantine XI , was named after him , and even used the name Dragaš .

" Dear Mr. President " is a song by Pink featuring the Indigo Girls , and was recorded for Pink ’s fourth album , I 'm Not Dead . The song is an open letter to the former President of the United States , George W. Bush . The song criticizes several areas of Bush ’s administration and terms in office , including the Iraq War , No Child Left Behind Act , opposition to gay marriage and the gay rights movement in general , perceived lack of empathy for poor and middle - class citizens , Bush ’s strong religious beliefs , and Bush ’s drinking and drug usage in college . Pink felt that it was one of the most important songs she had ever written .

Ernie Pike is a comics series written by Héctor Germán Oesterheld and originally drawn by Hugo Pratt , starring a World War II and Korean War reporter . It was first published in the magazine " Hora Cero " in Buenos Aires , Argentina , in 1957 . The reporter , loosely based on the real reporter Ernie Pyle , acts as a narrator of stories , without being directly involved in them . Such stories do not narrate real battles or exploits of noteworthy military people , being instead tragic stories of unknown soldiers , made up by the author . Oesterheld worked again with the character during the time of the Vietnam War , and Ricardo Barreiro used it for a brief story about the Falklands War .

Badulla ( badūlla distrikkaya ; Patuḷai māvaṭṭam ) is a district in Uva Province , Sri Lanka . The entire land area of the Badulla district is 2,861   km² and total population is 837,000 . The district is bounded by the districts of Monaragala and Rathnapura on the East & South , by Ampara and Kandy districts on the North and by Nuwara Eliya and Matale on the West . Mainly the economy of the district is based on agricultural farming and livestock . Badulla District is an agricultural district where tea , vegetable and paddy are cultivated . Mainly the district is divided into two portions as Upper region and Lower region according to climatic and geographical characteristics . Upper division of the district is famous for tea plantation and vegetable cultivation while lower division is famous for paddy cultivation .

Women 's March on Seattle , also referred to as the Womxn 's March in Seattle or Women 's March in Seattle , was the Seattle affiliate of the worldwide 2017 Women 's March protest on January 21 , 2017 . Newspapers including The Seattle Times said it was Seattle 's largest protest march in history . The march route was from Seattle 's Central District through Westlake Park in Downtown Seattle to the Seattle Center . Drawing an estimated 120,000 to 175,000 marchers according to police and organizers respectively , more than the 1999 Seattle WTO protests , the March filled the entire route through downtown by early afternoon , making vehicle traffic across the route impossible . It was expected to be the third largest protest march in the United States on January 21 , after the Women 's March on Washington ( D.C. ) and the march in Los Angeles . An unusual feature of the march is that it was planned to be held in silence . The event was named using the intentional misspelling " womxn " ; organizers stated that this naming was meant to symbolize intersectionality with the transgender community .

" The Puerto Rican Day " is the 176th episode of the NBC sitcom Seinfeld . It aired on May 7 , 1998 , and was the 20th episode of the ninth and final season . It was the show 's second - highest - rated episode of all time , with 38.8 million viewers , only behind the series finale . The episode aired one week before the two - part clip show and the two - part series finale aired . Because of controversy surrounding a scene in which Cosmo Kramer accidentally burns and then stomps on the Puerto Rican flag , NBC was forced to apologize and had it banned from airing on the network again . Also , it was not initially part of the syndicated package . In the summer of 2002 , the episode started to appear with the flag - burning sequence intact . This episode of Seinfeld has more writer credits ( ten ) than any other episode . As co - creator Larry David was returning to write the finale , this was the final episode for the active " after Larry David " writing staff and thus was a group effort . " The Puerto Rican Day " was a rare late - series return to a " plot about nothing " style , filmed in real - time , more commonly seen in early seasons ( such as " The Chinese Restaurant " ) .

Carindale is a suburb of Brisbane , Queensland , Australia . It is located east of the CBD , and borders Belmont , Carina , Carina Heights , Mackenzie , Mansfield , Mount Gravatt East , and Tingalpa . Notable features of the suburb include a large shopping centre - Westfield Carindale , the Pacific Golf Club , Belmont State School , Belmont Bushland Reserve , Belmont Private Hospital ( psychiatric only ) and Bulimba Creek . The Gateway Motorway borders the suburb . In addition to Indooroopilly in the west ; Chermside on the north - side ; and Upper Mount Gravatt on the south side , the suburb has been described as a mini - CBD . Public transport runs frequently to and from Carindale and the City via Old Cleveland Road and Creek Road , leading to the South East Busway . Carindale is represented by Ross Vasta , Steve Minnikin , and Adrian Schrinner at the federal , state , and local levels respectively .

Thomas E. Corcoran ( October 12 , 1839 – March 12 , 1904 ) was a Union Navy sailor in the American Civil War and a recipient of the United States military 's highest decoration , the Medal of Honor , for his actions during the Siege of Vicksburg . He was awarded the medal for rescuing his crewmates during the sinking of his ship , the , in the Mississippi River . Under heavy fire from a Confederate artillery battery , Corcoran and three other men swam back and forth between the riverbank and the sinking ship , helping crewmen who could not swim reach shore . The four men then towed a small boat , carrying wounded sailors and the ship 's commander , to the safety of Union forces .

The history of the colonial period of South Carolina focuses on the English colonization that created one of the original Thirteen Colonies . Major settlement began after 1651 as the northern half of the British colony of Carolina attracted frontiersmen from Pennsylvania and Virginia , while the southern parts were populated by wealthy English people who set up large plantations dependent on slave labor , for the cultivation of cotton , rice , and indigo . The colony was separated into the Province of South Carolina and the Province of North Carolina in 1712 . South Carolina 's capital city of Charleston became a major port for traffic on the Atlantic Ocean , and South Carolina developed indigo , rice and Sea Island cotton as commodity crop exports , making it one of the most prosperous of the colonies . A strong colonial government fought wars with the local Indians , and with Spanish imperial outposts in Florida , while fending off the threat of pirates . Birth rates were high , food was abundant , and these offset the disease environment of malaria to produce rapid population growth among whites . With the expansion of plantation agriculture , the colony imported numerous African slaves , who comprised a majority of the population by 1708 . They were integral to its development . The colony developed a system of laws and self - government and a growing commitment to Republicanism , which patriots feared was threatened by the British Empire after 1765 . At the same time , men with close commercial and political ties to Great Britain tended to be Loyalists when the revolution broke out . South Carolina joined the American Revolution in 1775 , but was bitterly divided between Patriots and Loyalists . The British invaded in 1780 and captured most of the state , but were finally driven out .

The term ABC Region is an industrial region in Greater São Paulo , Brazil . The name refers to three smaller cities south of São Paulo , capital of the Brazilian state of the same name . Originally , these three cities were Santo André , São Bernardo do Campo , and São Caetano do Sul . Later , the region became known as the ABCD , with the addition of the city of Diadema . The ABC region is widely known in Brazil and abroad because of the great number of international companies , particularly car manufacturers , in its area . National media and organizations consider ABC a powerful industrial pole and birthplace of the labor union movement that fought against dictatorship in the 1970s and 1980s . In this region was formed the Workers ' Party ( PT ) whose activities and popularity launched a great figure to the best known names in Brazil : Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva , or simply Lula , president of Brazil in 2002 . In 2006 , the Universidade Federal do ABC was established .

Eickendorf is a former municipality in the district of Salzlandkreis , in Saxony - Anhalt , Germany . Since January 2008 , it is part of the municipality Bördeland . The village is located in the Magdeburg Börde region , known for its fertile Loess ( Chernozem ) soils . As a yardstick for soil quality , a " Reich Standard Farm " was set up in Eickendorf according to the 1934 Soil Assessment Act , whereby a soil value of 100 was established . It then became the basis of comparison for the tax rating of farms in Germany . The settlement of Hekenthorp in the Eastphalian lands of Saxony was first mentioned in an 1176 deed . Ruled by several comital dynasties , after the Protestant Reformation and the Thirty Years ' War the estates became part of the secularised Duchy of Magdeburg , held by the Hohenzollern rulers of Brandenburg - Prussia . Eickendorf was the ancestral seat of the Eichendorff noble family , whose most prominent member is the poet Joseph Freiherr von Eichendorff ( 1788 – 1857 ) .

Nelson 's Column is a monument in Trafalgar Square in central London built to commemorate Admiral Horatio Nelson , who died at the Battle of Trafalgar in 1805 . The monument was constructed between 1840 and 1843 to a design by William Railton at a cost of £ 47,000 . It is a column of the Corinthian order built from Dartmoor granite . The Craigleith sandstone statue of Nelson is by E.H. Baily , and the four bronze lions on the base , added in 1867 , were designed by Sir Edwin Landseer . The pedestal is decorated with four bronze relief panels , each square , cast from captured French guns . They depict the Battle of Cape St Vincent , the Battle of the Nile , the Battle of Copenhagen , and the death of Nelson at Trafalgar . The sculptors were Musgrave Watson , William F. Woodington , John Ternouth , and John Edward Carew , respectively . It was refurbished in 2006 at a cost of £ 420,000 , at which time it was surveyed and found to be shorter than previously supposed . The whole monument is tall from the bottom of the pedestal to the top of Nelson 's hat .

Hassan Rahimpour Azghadi ( ) ( born 1964 or 1965 ) is an Iranian scholar and theorist and member of Iran 's Supreme Council of the Cultural Revolution . Azghadi has travelled throughout the world to give lectures , his focus is on social , political , and economic affairs in contemporary Islamic Iran . Some of the subjects he addresses are notably that of the Islamic revolutionary ideology , Imperialism , Westoxification , American hegemony , Social Justice , Capitalism , Communism , Christianity , Hijab ( veil ) , Jihad , Ayatollah Khomeini , Freedom , Marxism , Western moral system , nuclear energy , Israel , Aristotle and Plato , Liberal Democracy , Islamic economics , political Islam but also youth affairs and social struggle . His lectures are filmed and shown on the IRIB Channel 2 called " A model for tomorrow " ( طرحی برای فردا ) , aired Fridays after the Jumu'ah prayers .

A criminal turns state 's evidence by admitting guilt and testifying as a witness for the state against his associate(s ) or accomplice(s ) , often in exchange for leniency in sentencing or immunity from prosecution . The testimony of a witness who testifies against co - conspirator(s ) may be important evidence . In the United Kingdom and the Commonwealth realms , the term is to turn Queen 's or King 's evidence , depending on the sex of the reigning monarch . The term " turning approver " or " turn king 's approver " was also historically used ; an approver " not only admitted his own guilt to a crime but also incriminated his accomplices both past and present " in exchange for avoiding a death sentence ( and obtaining a lesser penalty , such as life imprisonment or abjuration of the realm ) or improving prison conditions . In American parlance , a defendant who agrees to cooperate with prosecutors and give information against co - conspirators ( often those with greater culpability ) is also said to flip . Witnesses who have turned state 's evidence have been important in organized crime cases in the United States , such as those against La Cosa Nostra . The first mafiosi who turned state 's evidence , such as Joseph Valachi and Jimmy Fratianno , did so in response to threats on their life from Mafia associates ; later cooperators were motivated to cooperate in order to avoid heavy sentences , such as those provided for under the RICO Act . Some who turned state 's evidence were permitted to participate in the Witness Security Program ( WITSEC ) . Among the highest - ranking Mafia members to ever turn state 's evidence was Salvatore Gravano ( " Sammy the Bull " ) , an underboss of the Gambino crime family who pleaded guilty to 19 murders and agreed to testify against family boss John Gotti . ( Gravano was sentenced to 20 years ; Gotti was sentenced to life imprisonment in 1992 ) . The incentives to turn state 's evidence , or to not to do so , are explored in the famous prisoner 's dilemma , created by Merrill Flood and Melvin Dresher .

Tracy Y. Oliver is an American film and television writer , producer , actor . Oliver started her career shortly after attending Stanford University and USC Film School . She portrayed Nina , the antagonist to Issa Rae 's " J " , in Rae 's 2011 - 12 web series The Mis - Adventures of Awkward Black Girl . In addition to acting in Awkward Black Girl , Oliver also served as a writer and producer . She later moved to television , serving as a staff writer on ABC 's The Neighbors and STARZ 's Survivor 's Remorse . In film , Oliver teamed with black - ish creator Kenya Barris to write the hit comedies ( 2016 ) , starring Ice Cube and Cedric the Entertainer , and Girls Trip ( 2017 ) , starring Queen Latifah , Regina Hall , Jada Pinkett Smith , and Tiffany Haddish . Girls Trip grossed over $ 120 million at the American box office , making Oliver the first African - American woman to write a film that grossed over $ 100 million .

Sir Charles Gairdner Hospital ( SCGH ) is a teaching hospital located in Nedlands , Western Australia . Opened in 1958 , it was named in honour of Sir Charles Gairdner , governor of Western Australia 1951 – 63 , and is part of the Queen Elizabeth II Medical Centre ( QEII ) . It is colloquially referred to as " Charlies " . All clinical specialities are provided , with the exception of complex burns , paediatrics , obstetrics , and gynaecology . It houses the state 's only comprehensive cancer treatment centre , and is the state 's principal hospital for neurosurgery and liver transplants . The hospital is closely associated with the nearby University of Western Australia as well as Curtin University , Notre Dame University , and Edith Cowan University . Handling over 76,000 admissions annually , SCGH has 600 beds , and treats approximately 420,000 patients each year . some 5,500 staff are employed . In 2009 , it was the second hospital in Australia to be awarded Magnet recognition by the American Nurses Credentialing Center .

Saint Yon , a family of Parisian butchers in the 14th and 15th centuries . Guillaume de Saint Yon is cited as the richest butcher of the Grande Boucherie in the 14th century . The family played an important role during the quarrels of the Armagnacs and Burgundians . They were among the leaders of the Cabochien Revolt of 1413 . Driven out by the Armagnacs , they recovered their influence after the return of the Burgundians to Paris in 1418 , but had to flee again in 1436 when the constable , Arthur , Earl of Richmond , took the city . Gamier de Saint Yon was échevin of Paris in 1413 and 1419 ; Jean de Saint Yon , his brother , was valet de chambre of the dauphin Louis , son of King Charles VI of France . Both were in the service of the king of England during the English domination . Richard de Saint Yon was master of the butchers of the Grande Boucherie in 1460 .

The Spanish Navy ( ) is the maritime branch of the Spanish Armed Forces and one of the oldest active naval forces in the world . The Spanish navy was responsible for a number of major historic achievements in navigation , the most famous being the discovery of America by Christopher Columbus and the first global circumnavigation by Magellan and Elcano . For several centuries , it played a crucial logistical role in the Spanish Empire and defended a vast trade network across the Atlantic Ocean between the Americas and Europe and across the Pacific Ocean between Asia and the Americas . The Spanish Navy was the most powerful maritime force in the world in the 16th and 17th centuries and possibly the world 's largest navy at the end of the 16th century and in the early 17th century . Reform under the Bourbon dynasty improved its logistical and military capacity in the 18th century , for most of which Spain possessed the world 's third largest navy . In the 19th century , the Spanish Navy built and operated one of the first military submarines , made important contributions in the development of destroyer warships , and again achieved a first global circumnavigation , this time by an ironclad vessel . The main bases of the Spanish Navy are located in Rota , Ferrol , San Fernando and Cartagena .

The Rubettes were an English pop band put together by musician John Richardson in 1974 after the release of " Sugar Baby Love " , a recording assembled of studio session musicians in 1973 by the songwriting team of Wayne Bickerton , then the head of A&R ; at Polydor Records , and his co - songwriter , Tony Waddington , after their doo - wop and 1950s American pop - influenced songs had been rejected by a number of existing acts . Waddington paired the group with manager John Morris , the husband of singer Clodagh Rodgers and under his guidance , the band duly emerged at the tail end of the glam rock movement , wearing trademark white suits and cloth caps on stage . Their first release , " Sugar Baby Love " was an instant hit remaining at number one in the United Kingdom for four weeks in May 1974 , while reaching number 37 on the US chart that August , and remains their best - known record . Subsequent releases were to be less successful , but the band continued to tour well into the 2000s with two line - ups in existence .

Lee Shying - jow or Lee Hsiang - chou ( ) is a military personnel of the Republic of China ( Taiwan ) . He is the incumbent Minister of the Veterans Affairs Council , and was the 4th Commanding General of the Republic of China Army ( ROCA ) , 8th Deputy Minister of National Defense ( MND ) and the 15th Director - General of the National Security Bureau ( NSB ) . General Lee Hsiang - chou is sincere and open to criticism , and time has proven that his achievements are prominent . During his years of service , he focused on the value of royalty , and paid close attentions to training and readiness . General Lee was also called as the " best Army Commanding General within these 10 years " among the ROC Army itself and the Taiwanese civic and netizens .

André - Louis Debierne (; 14 July 1874 – 31 August 1949 ) was a French chemist and is considered the discoverer of the element actinium . Debierne studied at the elite École supérieure de physique et de chimie industrielles de la ville de Paris ( ESPCI ParisTech ) . He was a student of Charles Friedel , was a close friend of Pierre and Marie Curie and was associated with their work . In 1899 , he discovered the radioactive element actinium , as a result of continuing the work with pitchblende that the Curies had initiated . After the death of Pierre Curie in 1906 , Debierne helped Marie Curie carry on and worked with her in teaching and research . In 1910 , he and Marie Curie prepared radium in metallic form in visible amounts . They did not keep it metallic , however . Having demonstrated the metal 's existence as a matter of scientific curiosity , they reconverted it into compounds with which they might continue their researches .

Timagenes ( ) was a Greek writer , historian and teacher of rhetoric . He came from Alexandria , was captured by Romans in 55 BC and taken to Rome , where he was purchased by Faustus Cornelius Sulla , son of Sulla . It is said that Timagenes had a falling - out with emperor Augustus , whereupon he destroyed his writings and fled Rome . He also asked Cleopatra to deliver Mark Antony to the Octavianus , or have him put to death . During his life Timagenes wrote a Universal History ( until the time of Caesar ) and a History of the Gauls . These works did not survive but are known through quotations in other historians . For example , the History of the Gauls is quoted in the works of Ammianus Marcellinus . It is sometimes credited as the source for Pompeius Trogus 's Philippic Histories , which survive in Justin 's epitome . In Albanum , after dinner , he attempted to vomit , during which he choked and died ; thus says the Suda .

Friedrich ( died 13 April 1135 ) , Count of Stade . Friedrich ’s mother was from England and died in a shipwreck off the coast of Germany . She was fleeing England after the conquest of the island by William the Conqueror . Upon the death of Lothair Udo III in 1106 , the title of Margrave of the Nordmark went to his brother Rudolf I. The title Count of Stade also went to Rudolf in all likelihood , but Friedrich was appointed to administer the county as Viscount of Stade until Lothar ’s son Henry could assume the role . Friedrich aligned with Lothar of Süpplingenburg , then Duke of Saxony , against Emperor Henry V. He was imprisoned with Lothar , and eventually released by the emperor . After the Battle of Welfesholz , with no further help expected from the emperor , Lothar proved a good ally , and his role as count assured . When Henry II came of age , he became Count of Stade . Upon his death in 1128 , Friedrich was officially invested by Archbishop Adalbero of Bremen with the County of Stade . After the death of Frederick in 1135 , the County of Stade reverted to the House of Udonids , and the countship was assumed by Udo V. Frederick was buried in Harsefeld monastery next to the other counts of Stade .

The Catholic Church in Sri Lanka ( Sinhala : Sri Lankavay Katholika Sabhava ) is part of the worldwide Catholic Church , under the spiritual leadership of the pope in Rome . The country comes under the province of Colombo and is made up of 12 dioceses including one archdiocese . There are approximately 1.2 million Catholics in Sri Lanka representing around 6.1 % of the total population ( according to the 2012 census ) . In 1995 , at a ceremony in Colombo , Pope John Paul II beatified Father Joseph Vaz , an early missionary to the country , who is known as the Apostle of Ceylon . On 17 September 2014 , Pope Francis approved the vote to have him declared a saint . Pope Francis canonized Father Joseph Vaz on Galle Face Green , in Colombo on 14 January 2015 .

Fashizmi ( ' Fascism ' ) was a daily Albanian - Italian bilingual newspaper published from Tirana , Albanian Kingdom 1939 - 1940 . It functioned as the official organ of the Albanian Fascist Party . Fejzi Alizoti was the editor of Fashizmi . Vangjel Koça served as the managing director of the newspaper . After Albania fell to Italian rule in 1939 , the Italian authorities banned the two daily newspapers of Tirana ( Shtypi and Drita ) and Fashizmi was set up to fill the void and convey the official Italian positions to the Albanian populace . The newspaper was set up by the General Directorate for Press , Propaganda and Tourism . The first issue was published on May 24 , 1939 . It was the sole daily newspaper published in Albania at the time . Through an agreement between the ( Italian ) National Fascist Party inspector and the General Directorate four regional weekly and biweekly bilingual fascist organs were set up as well . The newspaper covered political , social , economical and literary affairs . The issues of Fashizmi contained both Gheg and Tosk orthography , as well as material in Italian on its last page ( with the title Il Fascismo ) . Issues contained 4 - 6 pages , with a format of . Fashizmi failed to gain wide readership in Tirana . In a move to downplay concerns that the newspaper was merely a propaganda mouthpiece Fashizmi was closed down in March 1940 and replaced by Tomori ( the name of an Albanian mountain ) . However , the Italian authorities gave no official explanation to the closure of Fashizmi .

Relayer is the seventh studio album from the English progressive rock band Yes , released in November 1974 by Atlantic Records . After keyboardist Rick Wakeman left the group in May 1974 over disagreements with the band 's direction , Yes entered rehearsals as four - piece at bassist Chris Squire 's home in Virginia Water , Surrey . During this period , they auditioned several keyboardists including Vangelis before choosing Swiss musician Patrick Moraz who incorporates elements of funk and jazz fusion on the album . Relayer is formed of three tracks , with " The Gates of Delirium " on side one and " Sound Chaser " and " To Be Over " on side two . Relayer received a mixed to positive reception from contemporary and retrospective critics . It reached number 4 on the UK Albums Chart and number 5 on the US Billboard 200 . A single of the closing section of " The Gates of Delirium " , titled " Soon " , was released in January 1975 . Relayer continued to sell , and is certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) for selling over 500,000 copies in the US . It was remastered in 2003 and in 2014 , both with previously unreleased tracks ; the latter includes new stereo and 5.1 surround sound mixes and additional tracks .

Winfield Township ( also called Winfield Park ) is a township in Union County , New Jersey , in the United States . As of the 2010 United States Census , the township 's population decreased to 1,471 , the lowest recorded in any decennial census , reflecting a decline of 43 ( -2.8 % ) from the 1,514 counted in the 2000 Census , which had in turn declined by 62 ( -3.9 % ) from the 1,576 counted in the 1990 Census . Winfield and Linden share the same ZIP code . Winfield Township was incorporated as a township by an act of the New Jersey Legislature on August 6 , 1941 , from portions of Clark and Linden , passing over the Governor 's veto .

, in Yamaguchi City is the main art gallery of Yamaguchi Prefecture , Japan . Opened in 1979 , the gallery has a permanent collection , part of which is exhibited at any one time , and also hosts special exhibitions . The gallery 's photographic collection includes an extensive collection of the works of Katsuji Fukuda . Its major photographic exhibitions have included three that showed work after the war : in 1989 , an exhibition of eleven photographers of 1965 – 75 ; in 1990 , of twelve photographers of 1945 – 55 ; and in 1991 , of eleven photographers of 1955 – 65 . The permanent photographic collection includes works by Hisae Imai , Takeji Iwamiya , Yutaka Takanashi , and Toyoko Tokiwa . The museum is at Kameyama - chō 3–1 , Yamaguchi - shi .

Qebehsenuef ( " He who refreshes his brothers " ) is an ancient Egyptian deity . He is one of the four sons of Horus in Egyptian mythology , the god of protection and of the West . In the preparation of mummies , his canopic jar was used for the intestines . He is seen as a mummy with a falcon head . He was said to be protected by the goddess Serket . The intestine was used in sacrificed animals , by soothsayers , to predict the future , whereas the intestines were also the victims of poison . With death by poison , the canopic jar deity is protected by Serket who bears the emblem of the scorpion . Together with Maa - atef - f , Kheri - beq - f , and Horus - Khenti - maa , the four sons of Horus ( the other three were Imset , Hapi and Duamutef ) were known as the Seven Shining Ones , protectors of the body of Osiris .

Health Consumer Powerhouse is a Swedish health policy think tank which specialises in comparing healthcare systems throughout Europe . It produces the Euro health consumer index and other indexes comparing healthcare . It was created in 2004 by Johan Hjertqvist , a Swedish entrepreneur , author and former local politician . It has offices in Stockholm , Sweden . Dr Arne A Björnberg is the President of the company . he was formerly Chief Executive of the Swedish National Pharmacy Corporation . The Euro Health Consumer Index is a comparison of European health care systems based on waiting times , results , and generosity . The information is presented as a graphic index . Part of the motivation of the HCP in 2004 was to stimulate the European Union to take action on transparency and quality measures . The 2014 ranking included 37 countries measured by 48 indicators . The Euro Health Consumer Index measurements started in 2005 . During 2013 the European Commission assessed available systems for healthcare comparison including WHO , OECD , European Observatory and so forth and concluded that this is the most reliable . Scoring is partly based on the responses from patient organisations to a questionnaire , particularly when their responses indicate a radically different situation from that officially reported . 976 responses were used in the 2015 exercise .

Grace Is Gone is a 2007 drama film starring John Cusack as a father who can not bring himself to tell his two daughters that their mother , a soldier in the American army , has just been killed on a tour of duty in Iraq . On January 29 , 2007 , it won the Audience Award for Drama at the 2007 Sundance Film Festival . The film was produced by Plum Pictures and New Crime Productions and purchased by Harvey Weinstein for distribution by The Weinstein Company . Weinstein announced plans to mount an Academy Award campaign on behalf of Cusack . This also marks the first time Clint Eastwood composed the score for a film which he did not write , direct or star in .

In Francoist Spain between 1936 and 1947 , concentration camps were created and coordinated by the Servicio de Colonias Penitenciarias Militarizadas . The first concentration camp was created by Francisco Franco on July 20 1936 and was located in the castle of El Hecho in Ceuta . The last concentration camp , located at Miranda del Ebro , was closed in 1947 . Inmates of these concentration camps were republican ex - combatants of the Spanish Republican Army , Spanish Republican Air Force or the Spanish Republican Navy , as well as political dissidents , homosexuals , and regular convicts . From 1940 , the supervisor of these camps was the general Camilo Alonso Vega . The main function of the camps was to detain Republican prisoners of war . Those who were regarded as " unrecoverable " were shot . The prisoners were used as forced labourers for reconstruction works ( Belchite ) , to mine coal , extract mercury , build highways and dams , and dig canals . Furthermore , thousands were used in the construction of the Carabanchel Prison ( Madrid ) , in the Arco de la Victoria ( Madrid ) and in the Valley of the Fallen ( Cuelgamuros ) . Later their work was subcontracted to private companies and lawnowners , who used them to improve their properties .

The is a strait between Honshu and Hokkaido in northern Japan connecting the Sea of Japan with the Pacific Ocean . It was named after the western part of Aomori Prefecture . The Seikan Tunnel passes under it at its narrowest point 12.1 miles ( 19.5   km ) between Tappi Misaki on the Tsugaru Peninsula in Aomori Prefecture , Honshu , and Shirakami Misaki on the Matsumae Peninsula in Hokkaido . Japan 's territorial waters extend to three nautical miles ( 5.6   km ) into the strait instead of the usual twelve , reportedly to allow nuclear - armed United States Navy warships and submarines to transit the strait without violating Japan 's prohibition against nuclear weapons in its territory . The part of the Seikan Tunnel that passes under the strait is considered to be under Japanese sovereignty . The part of the Tsugaru Strait considered to be in international waters is still within Japan 's exclusive economic zone . The Tsugaru Strait has eastern and western necks , both approximately 20   km across with maximum depths of 200 m and 140 m respectively . In the past , the most common way for passengers and freight to cross the strait was by the Seikan ferry , approximately a four - hour journey . On September 26 , 1954 , 1,172 lives were lost when the ferry Tōya Maru sank in the strait . Thomas Blakiston , an English explorer and naturalist , noticed that animals in Hokkaido were related to northern Asian species , whereas those on Honshu to the south were related to those from southern Asia . The Tsugaru Strait was therefore established as a major zoogeographical boundary , and became known as Blakiston 's Line or the " Blakiston Line " .

The Burkina Faso – Sweden Friendship Association ( , , ASSAMBUS ) is a Swedish organization , which has the goal of increasing awareness in Sweden about Burkina Faso – a small landlocked country in West Africa – and increasing exchange between the two countries . The association has approximately 120 members , and one active local subgroup in Stockholm . It engages in a number of cultural activities , such as publishing Burkina Faso - related literature , hosting art exhibitions , arranging Burkinabé film screenings , and so on . It also publishes the magazine Burkinakontakt . It was formed in 1986 , during the rule of Captain Thomas Sankara , a radical left - wing revolutionary who had come to power in a 1983 military coup . The founders were a number of aid workers and university students , who had visited the country as part of an exchange programme . ASSAMBUS initially worked in close cooperation with Sankara 's government , spreading knowledge about the developments in the country by publishing articles and holding lectures . Several ministerial visits were arranged . Sankara was ousted and killed in a coup on 15 October 1987 , putting his former friend and colleague Blaise Compaoré in power . This shocked the association , and forced it to adapt to a new situation in which it could no longer support the Burkinabé government . It instead grew to focus on cultural issues , and developing ties between civil organizations in the two respective countries . In 2012 , the association protested heavily against a governmental decision to shut down all developmental aid going from Sweden to Burkina Faso . The decision was later overturned in 2014 , following a change in government .

Webbs Creek Ferry is a cable ferry across the Hawkesbury River in New South Wales , Australia . The ferry operates from the community of Wisemans Ferry , to a point up - stream of the Hawkesbury River 's confluence with the Macdonald River , thus connecting with St Albans Road that follows the west bank of the Macdonald River . The ferry is operated by a private sector operator under contract to New South Wales Roads and Maritime Services and is free of tolls . The crossing is in length and takes approximately 5 minutes . The ferry operates on demand 24 hours a day , 7 days a week , but is closed for maintenance on the first Tuesday of each month from 0930 to 1200 The Webbs Creek Ferry is one of two cable ferry crossings at Wisemans Ferry , the other being the eponymous Wisemans Ferry , which crosses the Hawkesbury River to a point downstream of the confluence with the Macdonald River . Two other such ferries cross the Hawkesbury River proper , these being the Sackville Ferry and the Lower Portland Ferry , whilst a fifth ferry , the Berowra Waters Ferry , crosses a side - arm of the river .

Elections in Lithuania gives information on elections and election results in Lithuania . Voters in Lithuania elect members of the parliament , the president , members of the municipal councils and mayors , as well as delegates to the European Parliament . Lithuanian citizens can also vote in mandatory or consultative referendums . 71 of the members in the 141-seat parliament , elected to a four - year term , are elected in single - seat constituencies , in a majority vote . The remaining 70 members are elected in a nationwide election based on proportional representation . The structure of the elections means that a large number of parties is represented in the parliament and coalition governments are common . The head of the state - the president - is elected to a five - year term in a majority vote , with the president eligible for up to two terms in office . More than 1500 municipal council members are elected in local elections to four - year terms , with the majority of the seats allocated using proportional representation and the mayors elected directly by residents in a majority vote . The Lithuanian representatives in the European Parliament , currently numbering 11 , are elected using proportional representation every five years . 12 referendums have been organized in Lithuania , initiated by either citizens or the parliament . Of these , only four have seen the referendum question approved in a referendum deemed to have taken place . Voting in elections is generally open to all citizens of Lithuania who are at least 18 years of age . Citizens of other European Union countries that permanently reside in Lithuania can vote in the Lithuanian elections to the European Parliament . Voting in municipal elections is open to all residents of Lithuania , regardless of their citizenship . Voting process is organized by the Central Electoral Commission and subordinate electoral bodies and is monitored by local and international observers . The voters vote in a secret ballot and the elections have generally been assessed as free and fair , although allegations of irregularities have been common .

Julio Nalundasan ( July 21 , 1894 – 20 September 1935 , Batac , Ilocos Norte ) was a Filipino politician who was one of the political rivals of Ilocos Norte politician Mariano Marcos , father of Ferdinand Marcos ( who later became the tenth President of the Philippines ) . Nalundasan was killed by a sniper at his home in 1935 , the day after beating Marcos for the second time in elections for the office of representative for the second district of Ilocos Norte . Mariano Marcos ' son , Ferdinand , and brother - in - law , Quirino Lizardo , were later convicted for the murder . However , the conviction was overturned by the Supreme Court of the Philippines , through a decision by Associate Justice Jose P. Laurel ( who , like Marcos , also became President ) .

Stephen Báthory (; ; Lithuanian : ; 27 September 1533 – 12 December 1586 ) was Voivode of Transylvania ( 1571 – 76 ) , Prince of Transylvania ( 1576 – 86 ) , from 1576 Queen Anna Jagiellon 's husband and jure uxoris King of Poland and Grand Duke of Lithuania ( 1576 - 1586 ) . The son of Stephen VIII Báthory and a member of the Hungarian Báthory noble family , Báthory was a ruler of Transylvania in the 1570s , defeating another challenger for that title , Gáspár Bekes . In 1576 Báthory became the third elected king of Poland . He worked closely with chancellor Jan Zamoyski . The first years of his reign were focused on establishing power , defeating a fellow claimant to the throne , Maximilian II , Holy Roman Emperor , and quelling rebellions , most notably , the Danzig rebellion . He reigned only a decade , but is considered one of the most successful kings in Polish history , particularly in the realm of military history . His signal achievement was his victorious campaign in Livonia against Russia in the middle part of his reign , in which he repulsed a Russian invasion of Commonwealth borderlands and secured a highly favorable treaty of peace ( the Peace of Jam Zapolski ) .

Circus Black is the fourth full - length album by Finnish symphonic power metal band Amberian Dawn . Stratovarius vocalist Timo Kotipelto provides lead vocals on " Cold Kiss " and keyboardist Jens Johansson ( Stratovarius , Dio , Yngwie Malmsteen ’s Rising Force ) contributed a keyboard solo on " Crimson Flower . " The band commented on the album : " Circus Black is the most impressive AD album so far . Musically it represents the most sophisticated and most symphonic edge of AD - music . There ’s more diversity on this album than never before . This is the first time we used a real choir and we gathered some really excellent professional opera singers together to be able to achieve the best sounding choir possible . This choir was conducted by Mikko P. Mustonen from Pathos Music . He also arranged the choir and orchestral parts . We managed once again to get some world - class guests on this album . So , the production is our biggest so far and the final polish on this album was given by Teropekka Virtanen ( mixing engineer ) and Mika Jussila ( mastering engineer ) at legendary Finnvox Studios in Finland . " This album also marks the final album of the band to feature lead vocalist Heidi Parviainen as well as lead guitarist Kasperi Heikkinen and drummer Heikki Saari .

Bertel Thorvaldsen (; 19 November 1770 – 24 March 1844 ) was a Danish sculptor of international fame , who spent most of his life ( 1797–1838 ) in Italy . Thorvaldsen was born in Copenhagen into a Danish / Icelandic family of humble means , and was accepted to the Royal Danish Academy of Art when he was eleven years old . Working part - time with his father , who was a wood carver , Thorvaldsen won many honors and medals at the academy . He was awarded a stipend to travel to Rome and continue his education . In Rome , Thorvaldsen made a name for himself as a sculptor . Maintaining a large workshop in the city , he worked in a heroic neo - classicist style . His patrons resided all over Europe . Upon his return to Denmark in 1838 , Thorvaldsen was received as a national hero . The Thorvaldsen Museum was erected to house his works next to Christiansborg Palace . Thorvaldsen is buried within the courtyard of the museum . In his time , he was seen as the successor of master sculptor Antonio Canova . His strict adherence to classical norms has tended to estrange modern audiences . Among his more famous public monuments are the statues of Nicolaus Copernicus and Józef Poniatowski in Warsaw ; the statue of Maximilian I in Munich ; and the tomb monument of Pope Pius VII , the only work by a non - Catholic in St. Peter 's Basilica .

The U.S. Small Business Administration ( SBA ) is a United States government agency that provides support to entrepreneurs and small businesses . The mission of the Small Business Administration is " to maintain and strengthen the nation 's economy by enabling the establishment and viability of small businesses and by assisting in the economic recovery of communities after disasters " . The agency 's activities are summarized as the " 3 Cs " of capital , contracts and counseling . SBA loans are made through banks , credit unions and other lenders who partner with the SBA . The SBA provides a government - backed guarantee on part of the loan . Under the Recovery Act and the Small Business Jobs Act , SBA loans were enhanced to provide up to a 90 percent guarantee in order to strengthen access to capital for small businesses after credit froze in 2008 . The agency had record lending volumes in late 2010 . SBA helps lead the federal government 's efforts to deliver 23 percent of prime federal contracts to small businesses . Small business contracting programs include efforts to ensure that certain federal contracts reach woman - owned and service - disabled veteran - owned small businesses as well as businesses participating in programs such as 8(a ) and HUBZone . SBA has at least one office in each U.S. state . In addition , the agency provides grants to support counseling partners , including approximately 900 Small Business Development Centers ( often located at colleges and universities ) , 110 Women 's Business Centers , and SCORE , a volunteer mentor corps of retired and experienced business leaders with approximately 350 chapters . These counseling services provide services to over 1 million entrepreneurs and small business owners annually . President Obama announced in January 2012 that he would elevate the SBA into the Cabinet , a position it last held during the Clinton administration , thus making the Administrator of the Small Business Administration a cabinet - level position .

John Hancock ( October 8 , 1793 ) was an American merchant , statesman , and prominent Patriot of the American Revolution . He served as president of the Second Continental Congress and was the first and third Governor of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts . He is remembered for his large and stylish signature on the United States Declaration of Independence , so much so that the term John Hancock has become a synonym in the United States for one 's signature . Before the American Revolution , Hancock was one of the wealthiest men in the Thirteen Colonies , having inherited a profitable mercantile business from his uncle . He began his political career in Boston as a protégé of Samuel Adams , an influential local politician , though the two men later became estranged . Hancock used his wealth to support the colonial cause as tensions increased between colonists and Great Britain in the 1760s . He became very popular in Massachusetts , especially after British officials seized his sloop Liberty in 1768 and charged him with smuggling . Those charges were eventually dropped ; he has often been described as a smuggler in historical accounts , but the accuracy of this characterization has been questioned . Hancock was one of Boston 's leaders during the crisis that led to the outbreak of the American Revolutionary War in 1775 . He served more than two years in the Continental Congress in Philadelphia , and he was the first to sign the Declaration of Independence in his position as president of Congress . He returned to Massachusetts and was elected governor of the Commonwealth , serving in that role for most of his remaining years . He used his influence to ensure that Massachusetts ratified the United States Constitution in 1788 .

Koonya is a locality on the Tasman Peninsula , Tasmania , Australia . It was established in 1841 as one of outlying parts of the network of penal colony sites centred on Port Arthur . Under its former name of " Cascades " , it was populated by at least 400 convicts . After the Port Arthur penal colony was closed , and Van Diemen 's Land was renamed " Tasmania " , a number of places in Tasmania were renamed ; " Cascades " was renamed " Koonya " . Koonya is part of the Tasman Council local government area . A weather radar for the City of Hobart is in the Koonya locality . Koonya hosts the annual Koonya Garlic Festival , a " one - day celebration " .

Embedded Visual Basic or eVB , is an implementation of Microsoft Visual Basic which is geared towards generating programmes for embedded systems such as PDAs , cellular telephones , modern pocket computers and other programmable electronic systems and devices , generally for use under Windows CE . The tools themselves run on desktop operating systems such as Windows 98 , Windows NT , Windows XP and subsequent . The tools are also capable of compiling executables for Windows NT Embedded as well . Embedded Visual Basic is available from Microsoft , as are other such tools including Embedded Visual C++ ( eVC++ ) , which is discussed in the Wikipedia article about Microsoft Visual C++ , and Embedded Visual J++ ( eVJ++ ) , as well as other development tools and a relational database system for Windows CE ( a de facto Visual FoxPro replacement ) . A centrally important Windows CE - related tool is ActiveSync , which allows access of a device from a desktop computer as well as Control Panel functionality ( e.g. Install & Uninstall Programmes ) . Amongst other tools is a version of RegEdit for Windows CE . The implementations of these tools provide objects and components which can be used to write programmes which automate Microsoft Office 's Pocket versions , which would be the one way to get scripting and macro capability for the Pocket office suite . There is not an Embedded Visual InterDev version , nor have MSDN or Visual Source Safe been ported to Windows CE . The other means of obtaining Visual Basic functionality under Windows CE is to install the Windows Script Host implementation which is a non - default install available from the installation CD - Rom . Version 3 of the embedded Visual Basic , Visual J++ , and Visual C++ tools approximate the language and implementation of Visual Basic 6.0 , Visual J++ 6.0 , and Visual C++ 6.0 . The CD - Roms for installation of these tools have been provided for free from Microsoft . A further update of the latter , version 4.5 , is also available . Programming tools for .NET systems are also produced by Microsoft One Basic development tool which can be run on board the Windows CE machines themselves is the third - party NS BASIC

Shree Teen Maharaja Sir Jung Bahadur Kunwar Ranaji , ( born as Bir Narsingh Kunwar ( ) , 18 June 1817 , Borlang , Gorkha – 25 February 1877 , Patharghat , Rautahat ; popularly known as Jung Bahadur Rana ( ) ) was a Khas Rajput ( Chhetri ) ruler of Nepal and founder of the Rana of Nepal . His real name was Bir Narsingh Kunwar but he became famous by the name Junga Bahadur , given to him by first Prime Minister and C - in - C Mathabar Singh Thapa , his maternal uncle . His mother Ganesh Kumari was the daughter of Kaji Nain Singh Thapa , brother of PM Bhimsen Thapa of then ruling Thapa . Through the influence of his maternal side , he enjoyed privileges . During his lifetime , he eliminated the factional fighting at the court , removed his family rivals such as Pandes and Basnyats and paved way for the finding of Rana , introduced innovations into the bureaucracy and the judiciary , and made efforts to " modernize " Nepal . He remains one of the most important figures in Nepalese history , though modern historians have also blamed Jung Bahadur for setting up the dictatorship that repressed the nation for 104 years from 1846 to 1951 and left it in a primitive economic condition . Others exclusively blame his nephews , the Shumsher Ranas , for Nepal 's dark period of history . Rana rule was marked by tyranny , debauchery , economic exploitation and religious persecution .

The Act of Reinstating Independence of Lithuania ( ) or Act of 16 February was signed by the Council of Lithuania on 16 February 1918 , proclaiming the restoration of an independent State of Lithuania , governed by democratic principles , with Vilnius as its capital . The Act was signed by all twenty representatives of the Council , which was chaired by Jonas Basanavičius . The Act of 16 February was the result of a series of resolutions on the issue , including one issued by the Vilnius Conference and the Act of 8 January . The path to the Act was long and complex because the German Empire exerted pressure on the Council to form an alliance . The Council had to carefully maneuver between the Germans , whose troops were present in Lithuania , and the demands of the Lithuanian people . The immediate effects of the announcement of Lithuania 's re - establishment of independence were limited . Publication of the Act was prohibited by the German authorities , and the text was distributed and printed illegally . The work of the Council was hindered , and Germans remained in control over Lithuania . The situation changed only when Germany lost World War I in the fall of 1918 . In November 1918 the first Cabinet of Lithuania was formed , and the Council of Lithuania gained control over the territory of Lithuania . Independent Lithuania , although it would soon be battling the Wars of Independence , became a reality . The laconic Act is the legal basis for the existence of modern Lithuania , both during the interwar period and since 1990 . The Act formulated the basic constitutional principles that were and still are followed by all Constitutions of Lithuania . The Act itself was a key element in the foundation of Lithuania 's re - establishment of independence in 1990 . Lithuania , breaking away from the Soviet Union , stressed that it was simply re - establishing the independent state that existed between the world wars and that the Act never lost its legal power . On 29 March 2017 , the original document was found at the Diplomatic archive in Berlin , Germany .

Victor Peter Chang , AC ( born Chang Yam Him ; 21 November 19364 July 1991 ) , was a Chinese - Australian cardiac surgeon and a pioneer of modern heart transplantation . Born in Shanghai to Australian - born Chinese parents , he grew up in Hong Kong before moving to Australia . After completing his medical studies at the University of Sydney and working in St Vincent 's Hospital , he trained in the United Kingdom and the United States as a surgeon before returning to Australia . In St Vincent 's Hospital , he helped establish the National Cardiac Transplant Unit , the country 's leading centre for heart and lung transplants . Chang 's team had a high success rate in performing heart transplantations and he pioneered the development of an artificial heart valve . In 1986 , he was appointed a Companion of the Order of Australia for his " service to international relations between Australia and China and to medical science " . In 1991 , Chang died after being shot in a failed extortion attempt against him . His legacy includes the creation of the Victor Chang Cardiac Research Institute , being voted Australian of the Century at the People 's Choice Awards , and the establishment of the Victor Chang Lowy Packer Building at St Vincent 's Hospital .

Lady Mi was the second wife of the warlord Liu Bei , who lived in the late Eastern Han dynasty and Three Kingdoms period of China . She was from Qu County ( 朐縣 ) , Donghai Commandery ( 東海郡 ) , which is present - day Lianyungang , Jiangsu . She had two brothers : Mi Zhu and Mi Fang , who previously served the warlord Tao Qian before joining Liu Bei 's side . Mi Zhu married his sister to Liu Bei after Liu 's wife and children ( identities unknown ) were captured by Lü Bu when Lü invaded Xiapi in 196 . In 200 C.E. , Lady Mi was captured along with Guan Yu when Cao Cao invaded Xuzhou ; there were no further records of her after this incident .

The Iglesia de Santo Tomé is a church located in the historical center of the city of Toledo ( Spain ) , and was founded after the reconquest of this city by King Alfonso VI of León . It appears quoted in the 12th century , as constructed on the site of an old mosque of the 11th century . This mosque , together with other mosques in the city , were used as Christian churches without major changes , since in the taking of the city there was no destruction of buildings . However , at the beginning of the 14th century , being in a ruinous state was totally rebuilt in charge of Gonzalo Ruiz de Toledo , Lord of Orgaz and the old minaret of the mosque was transformed into a bell tower in Mudéjar style . Its fame is mainly due to the fact that it contains the painting The Burial of the Count of Orgaz by El Greco , which can be seen by accessing the back of church .

Data rescue is a name for both a movement among scientists , researchers and others and the processes they use to preserve primarily government - hosted data sets , often scientific in nature , to ward off their removal from publicly available websites . While the concept of preserving federal data existed before , it gained new impetus with the election in 2016 of U.S. President Donald Trump . The concept of harvesting and preserving federal web pages began as early as 2008 , at the conclusion of President George W. Bush 's second term , under the name " End of Term Presidential Harvest . " Soon after Trump 's election , scientists , librarians and others in the U.S. and Canada — fearing that the administration of Trump ( who had expressed doubts about the validity of the scientific consensus on the existence of climate change ) would act to remove scientific data from government websites — began working to preserve that data . In quick order , the concept of Data Rescue became a grassroots movement , with organized " hackathon " events at cities across the U.S. and elsewhere , often hosted at universities and other institutions of higher education . Among the projects involved are the DataRefuge Project and the Environmental Data and Governance Initiative .

Culiacán ( ) is a city in northwestern Mexico . It is the largest city in and the capital of the state of Sinaloa . It is also the seat of Culiacán Municipality . It had an urban population of 785,800 in 2015 while 905,660 lived in the entire municipality . While the municipality has a total area of , the city itself is considerably smaller , measuring only . The city is located in a valley at the confluence of the Tamazula and Humaya Rivers , where the two meet to form the Culiacán River , 55 m above sea level . It is in the center of the state , at about the same distance to the two other urban centers of the state : Los Mochis to the north and Mazatlán to the south .

Rovshan Huseynov ( born 17 December 1975 in Yeghegnadzor , Armenia ) was an Azerbaijani amateur boxer . In 1994 Huseynov won the gold medal ( 51   kg ) at the World Cup Boxing Championship , held in Bangkok , Thailand , having beaten Vichai Khadpo of Thailand ( 15 - 10 ) . He qualified for the 1996 Summer Olympics but was injured during a car accident and could not attend the games . Huseynov qualified for the 2004 Summer Olympics by ending up in second place at the 1st AIBA European 2004 Olympic Qualifying Tournament in Plovdiv , Bulgaria . Representing Azerbaijan he lost to Mario Kindelán of Cuba ( 23 - 11 ) in the quarterfinal . Huseynov never fully recovered from this injury and retired from boxing after the 2004 Olympics .

Rust is a survival video game developed and published by Facepunch Studios in February 2018 for Microsoft Windows , OS X , and Linux . The game has only a multiplayer mode . Rust was created initially as a clone of DayZ , a popular mod for ARMA 2 with crafting elements like those found in Minecraft . The objective of Rust is to survive in the wilderness using gathered or stolen materials . They must successfully manage their hunger , thirst and health or risk dying . While there are bears and wolves , given the game is multiplayer - only , the primary threat is other players . Combat uses firearms and primitive weapons such as bows . In addition , attack helicopters , a vehicle controlled by non - player characters , will occasionally fly around attacking heavily - armed players though they can be taken down with persistence . The game features crafting , though initially only limited options are offered . To stay protected players must build bases or join clans with others to improve their survivability . Raiding is commonplace and done more frequently by large clans . Rust was first released in December 2013 to Steam 's Early Access program while in its alpha state . During further development the gameplay was changed significantly . Dangerous wildlife replaced zombies as the primary environmental threat and several fundamental revisions to the crafting system were released . 2014 saw the game ported to the Unity 5 game engine receiving substantial graphical changes . Around this time Rust introduced skin colour and then gender . The game continues to receive updates post - release . Throughout Rusts alpha release critical reviews were mixed with many comparisons made to other survival games . Rust was commonly explained as a mixture of DayZ and Minecraft . During this period reviewers frequently noted the unfinished nature of Rust . During its pre - release phase critics praised the game 's concept and gameplay . By March 2017 Rust had sold over five million copies . After being fully released the game received mixed reviews from critics . Those who enjoyed the game highlighted the player vs player combat and the survival aspects . Reviewers were critical of the constant need to grind for materials and the harsh beginner experience .

Nouri Kamil Mohammed Hasan al - Maliki (; born 20 June 1950 ) , also known as Jawad al - Maliki ( ) or Abu Esraa ( ) , is an Iraqi politician who was Prime Minister of Iraq from 2006 to 2014 . He is secretary - general of the Islamic Dawa Party and a Vice President of Iraq . Al - Maliki began his political career as a Shia dissident under Saddam Hussein 's regime in the late 1970s and rose to prominence after he fled a death sentence into exile for 24 years . During his time abroad , he became a senior leader of the Islamic Dawa Party , coordinated the activities of anti - Saddam guerrillas and built relationships with Iranian and Syrian officials whose help he sought in overthrowing Saddam . Al - Maliki worked closely with United States and coalition forces in Iraq following their departure by the end of 2011 . Al - Maliki and his government succeeded the Iraqi Transitional Government . His first Cabinet was approved by the National Assembly and sworn in on 20 May 2006 . His second Cabinet , in which he also held the positions of acting Interior Minister , acting Defense Minister , and acting National Security Minister , was approved on 21 December 2010 . In the wake of a string of defeats during the Northern Iraq Offensive , United States officials said that al - Maliki should give up his premiership . On 14 August 2014 , he announced his resignation as Prime Minister of Iraq . In September 2014 , al - Maliki was elected as one of three Vice Presidents , an office he still holds despite attempts to abolish the post .

Caddo Gap is an unincorporated community in Montgomery County , Arkansas , United States . It lies between Glenwood and Norman , on the Caddo River . It is best known as the area in which explorer Hernando de Soto and his forces clashed with the Tula tribe , a band loosely affiliated with the Caddo Confederacy . The expedition described the Tula Indians as the fiercest they had faced during their inward journey into North America . After this , the expedition turned back east , making it as far as the Mississippi River , where de Soto died . It is contested as to whether he died of fever , or from a wound received during the fighting . There the expedition had a secret burial ceremony and sent his body into the river . A monument to this event stands in the heart of the small community , which now has a population of fewer than 100 .

Of the twenty - five people who signed PNAC 's founding statement of principles , ten went on to serve in the administration of U.S. President George W. Bush , including Dick Cheney , Donald Rumsfeld , and Paul Wolfowitz . Observers such as Irwin Stelzer and Dave Grondin have suggested that the PNAC played a key role in shaping the foreign policy of the Bush Administration , particularly in building support for the Iraq War . Academics such as Inderjeet Parmar , Phillip Hammond , and Donald E. Abelson have said PNAC 's influence on the George W. Bush administration has been exaggerated . The Project for the New American Century ceased to function in 2006 ; it was replaced by a new think - tank named the Foreign Policy Initiative , co - founded by Kristol and Kagan in 2009 . The Foreign Policy Initiative was dissolved in 2017 .

Aesop Rock is an American hip hop artist currently signed to Rhymesayers Entertainment . His discography consists of seven studio albums , and three EPs , as well as ten singles , four collaborations , one compilation , nine music videos , and many appearances on other artists ' tracks and on compilations . Aesop initially recorded and released two self - financed records , Music for Earthworms in 1997 and the Appleseed EP in 1999 . After being signed to the Mush label , Aesop Rock released his first major album , Float in 2000 . Shortly thereafter , Aesop Rock signed to Manhattan - based hip hop label Definitive Jux , where he has since released Labor Days in 2001 , Bazooka Tooth in 2003 , and None Shall Pass in 2007 . Skelethon , was released by Rhymesayers Entertainment in 2012 . The Impossible Kid was released by Rhymesayers Entertainment in April 2016 .

Alexandru Borza ( 1887 , Alba Iulia - 3 September 1971 , Cluj ) was a Romanian botanist , Greek - Catholic priest and honorary protopop of Cluj . As part of a group of professors , physicians , soldiers , etc . , he helped bring Scouting to Romania . In 1923 , he founded the Cluj Botanical Garden , which now bears his name . The Retezat National Park , the first nature park of Romania , was founded in 1935 at his initiative . Before World War II , he was the president of the General Association of the Uniate Romanians ( AGRU ) , a Greek - Catholic association . For this , he was briefly arrested in 1948 , after the Communists came to power in Romania . He was elected a post - mortem member of the Romanian Academy in 1990 . He is credited with first advocating for the legal protection of Nymphaea lotus f. thermalis whilst he was the Government minister in charge of education .

Samuel " Sam " Bingham ( 184516 June 1905 ) was the Mayor of Ottawa , Ontario , Canada between 1897 and 1898 . He was born in Bytown 's Lower Town to Irish Catholic parents in 1845 . As a young man , he worked on the log drives on the Gatineau River . With the Gilmour and Edwards lumber companies , he formed the Gatineau Boom Company , which later became part of the Canadian International Paper Company . He was an alderman on the Ottawa City Council from 1880 to 1893 . Bingham believed that English speaking citizens of Ottawa should learn French . In 1905 , he drowned in the Gatineau River near Wakefield , Quebec after he fell asleep while returning in a horse - drawn wagon from clearing a log jam on the river . There is a bust of Bingham by sculptor Hamilton MacCarthy in Notre - Dame Cemetery . In 1893 , an attempt to rename the Cummings Bridge over the Rideau River after the former mayor was thwarted by residents of Sandy Hill .

The Yorkton Film Festival ( YFF ) is an annual film festival held in late May in Yorkton , Saskatchewan . Canada 's first film festival , the YFF bills itself as the longest running film festival in North America . It was established in 1947 under the guidance of the Yorkton Film Council , with the first festival held in 1950 . Initially known as the International Film Festival , it was run by the Yorkton Film Council until that body disbanded in 1971 . Since then , the Yorkton International Film Festival Society has run the event , which has gone through several changes of name and mission . The festival is open to Canadian productions , or international productions directed by a Canadian , and focuses on films that are under 60 minutes in length .

The Zanj Rebellion ( ) was a major uprising against the Abbasid Caliphate , which took place from 869 until 883 . Begun near the city of Basra in present - day southern Iraq and led by one ' Ali ibn Muhammad , the insurrection is traditionally believed to have involved some enslaved Bantu - speaking people ( Zanj ) who had originally been captured from the coast of East Africa and transported to the Middle East . It grew to involve many slaves and free men from several regions of the Caliphate , and claimed tens of thousands of lives before it was finally defeated . Several Muslim historians , such as al - Tabari and al - Mas'udi , consider the Zanj revolt to be one of the " most vicious and brutal uprisings " of the many disturbances that plagued the Abbasid central government . Modern scholars have characterized the conflict as being " one of the bloodiest and most destructive rebellions which the history of Western Asia records , " while at the same time praising its coverage as being among the " most fully and extensively described campaign[s ] in the whole of early Islamic historical writing . " The precise composition of the rebels remains a subject of debate , both as regards their identity and as to the proportion of slaves and free among them – available historical sources being open to various interpretations .

Sherman Island is an island in the Sacramento - San Joaquin River Delta at the confluence of the two rivers in Sacramento County , California , two kilometres northeast of Antioch . The island is the meeting point of Sacramento- , Solano- , and Contra Costa - Counties , and is bordered on the north and northwest by the Sacramento River , on the northeast by Three Mile Slough , and on the east , and south west by the San Joaquin River . Access to the island is provided by California State Route 160 , which uses the Antioch Bridge to link Sherman Island with the city of Antioch to the south , and the Three Mile Slough Bridge to link Sherman Island with Brannan Island State Recreation Area to the north . The southwest of the island features a large marshy area and Sherman Lake where there is fishing and other water sports , particularly windsurfing and kite boarding .

Transatlantic relations refer to the historic , cultural , political , economic and social relations between countries on both side of the Atlantic Ocean . Sometimes specifically those between the United States , Canada and the countries in Europe , although other meanings are possible . There are a number of issues over which the United States and Europe generally disagree . Some of these are cultural , such as the U.S. use of the death penalty , some are international issues such as the Middle East peace process where the United States is often seen as pro - Israel and where Europe is often seen as pro - Arab , and many others are trade related . The current U.S. policies are often described as being unilateral in nature , whereas the European Union and Canada are often said to take a more multilateral approach , relying more on the United Nations and other international institutions to help solve issues . There are many other issues upon which they agree .

Waterloo was the original name for the city of Austin , Texas , located in Travis County in the central part of the state . After Republic of Texas Vice President Mirabeau B. Lamar visited the area during a buffalo - hunting expedition between 1837 and 1838 , he proposed that the republic 's capital , then located in Houston , be relocated to an area situated on the north bank of the Colorado River near the present - day Ann W. Richards Congress Avenue Bridge in what is now central Austin . In 1839 , the site was officially chosen as the seventh and final location for the capital of the Republic of Texas . It was incorporated under the name " Waterloo " . Shortly thereafter , the name was changed to Austin in honor of Stephen F. Austin , the " Father of Texas " and the republic 's first secretary of state .

Prince William Pitt Leleiohoku II ( 1854 – 1877 ) , was a poet and composer of many Hawaiian mele ( songs ) , mostly love songs . He was the youngest of the Na Lani Ehā ( " Royal Four " ) , which included his sisters Queen Liliuokalani ( 1838 – 1917 ) and Princess Miriam Likelike ( 1851 – 1887 ) and his brother King David Kalākaua ( 1836 – 1891 ) . Leleiohoku and his siblings are credited with the musical revival enjoyed by Hawaiians during the last half of the 19th century . Many of his compositions adapted folk tunes of visiting merchants , sailors , and foreign settlers . Liliuokalani said that Leleiohoku had a talent for composition " really in advance " of herself and Likelike . He founded the Kawaihao Singing Club and soon he and his colleagues were winning most of the royal song club competitions . Many claimed that he had one of the best male voices among native Hawaiians .

The Mayor of Seattle is the head of the executive branch of the city government of Seattle , Washington . The mayor is authorized by the city charter to enforce laws enacted by the Seattle City Council , as well as direct subordinate officers in city departments . The mayor serves a four - year term , without term limits , and is chosen in citywide , two - round elections between nonpartisan candidates . Since the appointment of Henry A. Atkins in 1869 , 56 individuals have held the office of mayor . The city elected Bertha Knight Landes , the first female mayor of a major U.S. city , in 1926 . Several mayors have served non - consecutive terms , while others have resigned or faced recall elections . Charles Royer holds the record for longest mayoral tenure in the city 's history , serving three full terms from 1978 to 1990 . Jenny Durkan took office as mayor on November 28 , 2017 , becoming the second female mayor and first lesbian mayor .

Griffin Television Tower Oklahoma ( also known as KWTV Mast ) was a 480.5 meter ( 1,576   ft ) high guy - wired aerial mast for the transmission of two television stations in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma , United States ( Geographical coordinates : ) built during 1954 . The stations which transmitted from the tower were KWTV - DT and KETA . It was the tallest structure in the world at the time it was built , and it was the first structure to surpass the Empire State Building in height . The tower featured multiple levels of double guy wires to protect it against severe wind storms . During 1956 KOBR - TV Tower in Caprock , New Mexico , became the world 's tallest structure . The tower was deconstructed during 2015 .

Censorship in the Polish People 's Republic was primarily performed by the Polish Main Office of Control of Press , Publications and Shows ( Główny Urząd Kontroli Prasy , Publikacji i Widowisk ) , a governmental institution created in 1946 by the pro - Soviet Provisional Government of National Unity with Stalin 's approval and backing , and renamed in 1981 as the Główny Urząd Kontroli Publikacji i Widowisk . The bureau was liquidated after the fall of communism in Poland , in April 1990 . Library collections were systematically cleansed , the majority of the books destroyed , some isolated in Party or academic libraries . A list of prohibited publications and black - listed writers was created in 1950 during the darkest years of Stalinism in Poland with some 1,682 items , and subsequently modified many times by the communist authorities in the Polish People 's Republic . Some writers popular before World War II , for example Wacław Kostek - Biernacki who was sentenced to death as an enemy of the state in 1953 , had their books not only removed from libraries , but also meticulously destroyed . After the rise of Solidarity movement in 1980 , independent editors were allowed to begin indicating clearly the segments that had been censored instead of hiding such deletions or withdrawing their entire publications . The decades of relentless censorship fed the underground press and publications in Poland ( called bibuła in Polish ) . In addition to the censorship of the publications , the state also jammed foreign radio stations , such as Radio Free Europe and Voice of America .

" Christmas ( Baby Please Come Home ) " is a rock song originally sung by Darlene Love and included on the 1963 seasonal compilation album , A Christmas Gift for You from Philles Records . The song was written by Ellie Greenwich and Jeff Barry ( Phil Spector also is co - credited ) , with the intention of being sung by Ronnie Spector of The Ronettes . According to Darlene Love , Ronnie Spector was not able to put as much emotion into the song as needed . Instead , Love was brought into the studio to record the song , which became a big success over time and one of her signature tunes . Love 's later song , " All Alone on Christmas " , which was used in the 1992 Christmas movie , Home Alone 2 , referenced the song . The song as recorded by Love was released as a single in 1963 ( Philles 119 ) and in 1964 ( Philles X-125 ) . But the records did not chart in both years . In December 2010 , Rolling Stone magazine ranked " Christmas ( Baby Please Come Home ) " first on its list of The Greatest Rock and Roll Christmas Songs , noting that " nobody can match Love 's emotion and sheer vocal power . " As an example of the track 's staying power , it reached # 45 on the Billboard Holiday Airplay chart in 2016 .

Nazzab Hidzan ( born 24 March 1975 ) is a Malaysian former professional football player . A midfield playmaker in his playing days , he is commonly associated with Selangor FA where he played for 8 years during his career , winning 2 Malaysia Cups ( 1997 and 2005 ) , Malaysia Premier League One championship ( the top league , same level as current Malaysia Super League ) in 2000 , and Malaysia Premier League championship ( the second level league ) in 2005 . He also played for Telekom Melaka , where he won Premier League Group B championship in 2004 , and also played for Negeri Sembilan FA and Perlis FA . He also played for Malaysia national football team , debuting in a friendly match against China national football team in 1998 under coach Hatem Souissi . This is currently his only known appearance for the national team . Currently he can be seen at Malaysia satellite channel Astro Arena , as a co - commentator and football pundit for football games broadcast on the channel .

" Millennium " is a song by English singer Robbie Williams from his 1998 album I 've Been Expecting You . In September 1998 , it was released as the album 's first track which became Williams ' first single to top the UK Singles Chart . The song also received extensive airplay in the United States and Canada , where it was the lead single from Williams ' 1999 compilation album , The Ego Has Landed . The song borrows heavily from the musical arrangement of John Barry 's " You Only Live Twice " , the title track of the 1967 James Bond film of the same name , said to be one of Williams ' favourite James Bond movies . However , it is a re - recording in a slightly different key instead of a direct sample for reasons of cost .

Henry David Keigwin ( 14 May 1881 — 20 September 1916 ) was an English cricketer . He was born in Lexden , in Colchester and died near Thiepval , France . He was educated at Clifton College , along with his brothers R. P. Keigwin and Herbert Keigwin Keigwin , whose brothers R. P. Keigwin and Herbert Keigwin also played first - class cricket , played for Essex and Scotland in his three years of first - class cricket between 1906 and 1909 . He scored 77 and 27 for the Gentlemen of England against Surrey in April 1906 , W.G. Grace 's final first - class appearance . He returned from Africa to serve with the Lancashire Fusiliers at the outbreak of hostilities in the Great War and died on the Western Front .

The Galápagos Islands are an isolated set of volcanoes , consisting of shield volcanoes and lava plateaus , located west of Ecuador . They are driven by the Galápagos hotspot , and are between 4.2 million and 700,000 years of age . The largest island , Isabela , consists of six coalesced shield volcanoes , each delineated by a large summit caldera . Española , the oldest island , and Fernandina , the youngest , are also shield volcanoes , as are most of the other islands in the chain . The Galápagos Islands are perched on a large lava plateau known as the Galápagos Platform , which creates a shallow - water depth of at the base of the islands , which stretch over a -long diameter . Since Charles Darwin 's famous visit to the islands in 1835 , over 60 recorded eruptions have occurred in the islands , from six different shield volcanoes . Of the 21 emergent volcanoes , 13 are considered active . The Galápagos are geologically young for such a big chain , and the pattern of their rift zones follows one of two trends , one north - northwest , and one east - west . The composition of the lavas of the Galápagos shields are strikingly similar to those of the Hawaiian volcanoes . Curiously , they do not form the same volcanic " line " associated with most hotspots . They are not alone in this regard ; the Cobb – Eickelberg Seamount chain in the North Pacific is another example of such a delineated chain . In addition , no clear pattern of age is seen between the volcanoes , suggesting a complicated , irregular pattern of creation . How exactly the islands were formed remains a geological mystery , although several theories have been posited .

The Lehigh Coal and Navigation Company ( LCAN ) ( 1988–2010 ) was a modern - day anthracite coal mining company headquartered in Pottsville , Schuylkill County , Pennsylvania , U.S. which acquired many of the ' Old Company ' ( LC&N ; ) properties and re - launched the Lehigh Coal Companies brand in 1988 . The LCAN ran strip mining operations in the Panther Creek Valley east of Lansford along U.S. Route 209 ; with vast properties dominating the coal areas of Tamaqua , Coaldale , and Lansford . These properties are largely the same real estate assets as were acquired in the Panther Creek Valley by the predecessors : the haphazard Lehigh Coal Mine Company ( 1792 - 1822 ) and the builders of the Lehigh Canal and first American blast furnaces , the Lehigh Coal & Navigation Company ( Old Company , LC&N ; ) , which spearheaded the U.S. Industrial revolution . The new company was incorporated in 1988 acquiring LC&N ; assets after bankruptcy proceedings , taking the name of the original .

Colonel John Tayloe II ( 28 May 172118 April 1779 ) was among the richest plantation owners in colonial Virginia . He served in public office including the Virginia Governor 's Council , also known as the Virginia Council of State . He has been described as a " model Virginia planter , planting tobacco , wheat and corn and raising livestock . " A fifth - generation plantation owner from the Tayloe family of entrepreneurs , he took over the management of the Neabsco Iron Works during the 1740s , likely after his father 's death in 1747 . After he built Mount Airy , the Neo - Palladian Villa overlooking the Rappahannock River , still inhabited by the Tayloe Family today . The Tayloe Family of Richmond County , including John Tayloe II , his father , John Tayloe I , and son , John Tayloe III , exemplified gentry entrepreneurship .

Krista Kim is a contemporary artist and founder of the Techism movement since 2014 , promoting the confluence of art and technology , and technological innovation as a medium to further the development of digital humanism . She believes that artists must participate at the vanguard of technological innovation in order to contribute to the creation of future culture during this pivotal period of technological innovation , adaptation , and disruption . In her Digital Consciousness series , Krista gathers digital images of LED lights and manipulates them using multiple software to create her artwork , a technique that she has developed since 2012 . Krista is interested in the disruptive interpersonal and social effects of digital technology , as a force of distraction and segregation of people based on similar interests and likes though algorithms on social media . She seeks to communicate a transcendent , meditative experience for the viewer in digital visual language , which she describes as digital consciousness . Krista has lived in Seoul , Tokyo , and Singapore . She is exhibiting in New York , Paris , and worldwide art fairs . She earned her Masters of Arts Fine Arts from LASALLE College of the Arts / Goldsmiths ,   University of London in 2014 . She completed her undergraduate studies in Political Science at the University of Toronto . She is exclusively represented by Mikael Kraemer of Artist Agency ( Paris ) .

The foreign relations share the Bangladeshi government 's policies in its external relations with the international community . The country pursues a moderate foreign policy that places heavy reliance on multinational diplomacy , especially at the United Nations and World Trade Organization ( WTO ) . Since independence in 1971 , the country has stressed its principle of " Friendship towards all , malice towards none " in dictating its diplomacy . As a member of the Non - Aligned Movement , Bangladesh has tended to not take sides with major powers . Since the end of the Cold War , the country has pursued better relations with regional neighbours . Inspired by Sheikh Mujibur Rahman 's vision for a Switzerland of the East , the Bangladesh government has begun to translate the ideal into a foreign policy that pursues regional economic integration in South Asia and aims to establish Bangladesh as a regional hub of transit trade in Asia .

Karlstad is a city , the seat of Karlstad Municipality , the capital of Värmland County , and the largest city in the province Värmland in Sweden . The city had 61,492 inhabitants in 2015 with 90,882 inhabitants in the wider municipality in 2017 , and is the 21st biggest municipality in Sweden . Karlstad has a university and a cathedral . Karlstad is built on the river delta where Sweden 's longest river , Klarälven , runs into Sweden 's largest lake , Vänern . It has the second largest lake port in the country after Västerås . Karlstad is often associated with sunshine and the symbol for Karlstad is a smiling sun . Karlstad is reputed to be one of the sunniest towns in Sweden and a local waitress , known as " Sola i Karlstad " ( the Sun in Karlstad ) for her sunny disposition , is also commemorated with a statue .

Yellowtail Dam is a dam across the Bighorn River in south central Montana in the United States . The mid-1960s era concrete arch dam serves to regulate the flow of the Bighorn for irrigation purposes and to generate hydroelectric power . The dam and its reservoir , Bighorn Lake , are owned by the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation . The project was the result of negotiations between the federal government and the Crow Nation , the tribe of Native Americans that lived on the surrounding Crow Indian Reservation , and was originally envisioned as a shared facility that would provide profits for both sides . Eventually , the land was sold to Reclamation , although much of the reservoir , which extends upstream into Wyoming , lies in the reservation . The dam was authorized in 1944 and groundbreaking was in 1961 ; it was completed in 1967 after six years of construction . Today aside from its original purposes the dam serves for recreation both above and below the structure . Regulation of the Bighorn provided by the Yellowtail Dam has transformed the lower river into one of Montana 's premier trout streams . However , there has been significant controversy surrounding the allocation of water in the reservoir between Montana and Wyoming , and the ecological damage wrought on of river both above and below the dam .

The Cascadia official soccer team is the official soccer team representing the Cascadia region of the United States and Canada and is controlled by the Cascadia Association Football Federation ( CAFF ) . The team will be composed of players from the U.S states of Oregon , Washington and the Canadian province of British Columbia . The stated mission of the team is " ... to allow Cascadia as a distinct cultural entity , isolated bioregion and growing society with common interests to be represented at the international level in the sport we are all passionate about . " CAFF is a member of ConIFA . Cascadia is not a member of FIFA or any confederation or subconfederation as the region is wholly a part of both the United States or Canada . However , CAFF is not opposed to those organizations and sees itself coexisting as a non - FIFA regional representative team . In this way and similar to Catalonia 's national team , Cascadia 's players can participate in both FIFA and non - FIFA tournaments as non - FIFA " caps " have no bearing on being FIFA cap tied . It is hoped that the team will help expose more players from the region to international competition as well as foster a connection between the culture of Cascadia with other regions and peoples around the world . Cascadia will participate in the 2018 ConIFA World Football Cup . The purpose of the team is cultural and sport focused , not political as there are many different ideas as to what Cascadia 's common and increasingly interconnected economic and political future may become . Neither CAFF nor the team have any official stance on the Cascadia independence movement .

, operating worldwide under the brand Kobelco , is a major Japanese steel manufacturer headquartered in Chūō - ku , Kobe . Kobe Steel also has a stake in Osaka Titanium Technologies . The company supplies about half of the global market of the wires used in valve springs of auto engines . It was formed on September 1 , 1905 . Its location in a major city port was useful for importing and exporting iron ore and coal . It is one of Kobe ’s oldest industrial companies . Its main production facilities are Kakogawa Steel Works and Kobe Steel Works . Kobe Steel is the owner of the rugby team Kobelco Steelers . The company is listed on the Tokyo and Nagoya Stock Exchange , on the Osaka Securities Exchange and is a constituent of the Nikkei 225 stock index . As of March 31 , 2014 , the company had 208 subsidiary and 62 affiliated companies across Japan , Asia , Europe , the Middle East and the US . Kobe Steel is a member of the Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group ( MUFJ ) keiretsu .

The Skin Mechanic is a live album released by British musician Gary Numan during his stint with IRS Records . The album was recorded in 1988 and released in 1989 . Throughout September and October 1988 , Numan embarked on an 18-date UK live tour to support his latest studio album , Metal Rhythm . The Skin Mechanic ( which took its name from a lyric in the Metal Rhythm song " Hunger " ) was recorded at the Dominion Theatre , London on 28 September 1988 . The album was released over a year later , in October 1989 . It charted at UK#55 , and was followed by a 1990 video release of the 1989 tour , also confusingly called The Skin Mechanic . A remastered CD reissue appeared in 1999 with a shuffled track order ( but no additional tracks ) and a much expanded booklet that contained the lyrics and an essay by Steve Malins .

Andrea Dandolo ( died September 1298 ) , noble of Venice , was the commander of the Venetian fleet that confronted the Genoan fleet in the Battle of Curzola ( 8 September 1298 ) , which ended in disaster for the Venetians . During this battle Marco Polo , in command of one of the ninety - eight Venetian galleys , was captured - it was during this imprisonment that he began to write his Travels . Andrea was also captured by the Genoese ; contemporary historians report that " Andrea Dandolo , being unable to bear the disgrace of such defeat , beating his head against the wooden hull of the galley taking him to prison , killed himself " , depriving the Genoese of the satisfaction of executing him .

John Stanistreet ( 7 April 1913 – 30 October 1971 ) was an Australian politician . He was born in Bendigo to legal manager John Jepson Stanistreet and Maud McIlroy . He attended Bendigo High School and Dookie Agricultural College , and in 1929 began working for his father 's accountancy firm . He eventually became principal accountant . On 9 January 1937 he married Glenice Boswell Leed ; they had one son . During World War I he served in the Royal Australian Air Force , but was wounded in 1942 and invalided back to Australia in 1943 . In 1955 he was elected to the Victorian Legislative Assembly as the Liberal and Country Party member for Bendigo , but he was defeated in 1958 . Stanistreet died in Bendigo in 1971 .

Arlington is a census - designated place ( CDP ) in the towns of Arlington and Sunderland , Bennington County , Vermont , United States . The population was 1,213 at the 2010 census . In 1989 , the Arlington Village Historic District was listed on the National Register of Historic Places . The district covers an area of and includes 190 contributing buildings and sites in the village center . In addition to historical and architectural significance , the district is also noted for being the place where composer Carl Ruggles spent the later years of his life . The buildings in the district provide examples of Colonial Revival , Greek Revival , and Federal styles . The St. James Episcopal Church ( 1829 – 30 ) , the second oldest Gothic Revival church in Vermont , is located in Arlington village . In the early 20th century , the village was an important industrial center with several mills and factories , many of which were washed away by flooding in 1927 . The village also has unusual sections of marble sidewalks , laid using stone from nearby quarries .

Comanche County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma . As of the 2010 census , the population was 124,098 , making it the fourth - most populous county in Oklahoma . Its county seat is Lawton . The county was created in 1901 as part of Oklahoma Territory . It was named for the Comanche tribe . Comanche County is included in the Lawton , OK Metropolitan Statistical Area . Built on former reservation lands of the Comanche , Kiowa , and Apache in Indian Territory , Comanche County was open for settlement on August 16 , 1901 by lottery . The region has three cities and seven towns as well as the Fort Sill military installation and Wichita Mountains Wildlife Refuge . The landscape of the county is typical of the Great Plains with flat topography and gently rolling hills , while the areas in the north are marked by the Wichita Mountains . Interstate 44 and three major US Highways serve the county by ground , while the Lawton - Fort Sill Regional Airport serves the county by air . Comanche County 's economy is largely based in the government sector which consist of half of the county 's Gross Domestic Product . The governance of the county is led by a three commission board , which are elected in four year staggered terms . The county is served by several school districts and Cameron University in education as well as three hospitals for health care .

Imre Makovecz ( November 20 , 1935 – September 27 , 2011 ) was a Hungarian architect active in Europe from the late 1950s onward . Makovecz was born and died in Budapest . He attended the Technical University of Budapest . He was founder and " eternal and executive president " of the Hungarian Academy of Arts . Makovecz was one of the most prominent proponents of organic architecture . As such , his buildings attempt to work with the natural surroundings rather than triumph over them . Frank Lloyd Wright and Rudolf Steiner are both strong influences , as is traditional Hungarian art . His work began as a critique of communist ideology and the brutal uniformity of system building , but after the fall of the Communist regime in 1989 , it became a comment on the nature of globalisation and corporate culture . In its attempts to refer to and build on Hungarian national archetypes Makovecz was continuing the work and ideas of the architects of Hungarian Art Nouveau and National Romanticism . The first English language monograph on his work , Imre Makovecz : The Wings of the Soul , by Edwin Heathcote , was published in 1997 . Makovecz was a devout Catholic .

The New Dark Age is the third studio album by the Finnish Heavy Metal band Kiuas . The album was released through Spinefarm Records on March 12 , 2008 for Finland with new dates to be announced for other areas . The song , " Conqueror " , directed by Owe Lingwall was shot as a music video on February 18 , 2008 . " Of Sacrifice , Loss and Reward " was released on February 20 as a single in Finland and topped the Finnish charts at number 1 . The single will include two other songs and a Japanese bonus track exclusively to the single and Japan only . The album cover was designed by Niklas Sundin of Cabin Fever Media , and guitarist for Dark Tranquillity . It is of an original renaissance woodcut illustration with the portrayal of Kiuas ' band members as the " five " Horsemen of the Apocalypse . A second music video for " The Decaying Doctrine " was again directed by Owe Lingwall .

Euryanthe is a German " grand , heroic , romantic " opera by Carl Maria von Weber , first performed at the Theater am Kärntnertor , Vienna on 25 October 1823 . Though acknowledged as one of Weber 's most important operas , the work is rarely staged because of the weak libretto by Helmina von Chézy ( who , incidentally , was also the author of the failed play Rosamunde , for which Franz Schubert wrote music ) . Euryanthe is based on the 13th - century romance " L'Histoire du très - noble et chevalereux prince Gérard , comte de Nevers et la très - virtueuse et très chaste princesse Euriant de Savoye , sa mye . " Only the overture , an outstanding example of the early German Romantic style ( heralding Richard Wagner ) , is regularly played today . Like Schubert 's lesser - known Alfonso und Estrella , of the same time and place ( Vienna , 1822 ) , Euryanthe parts with the German Singspiel tradition , adopting a musical approach without the interruption of spoken dialogue characteristic of earlier German language operas such as Mozart 's Die Zauberflöte , Beethoven 's Fidelio , and Weber 's own Der Freischütz .

Wake of the Flood is the sixth studio album by rock band the Grateful Dead . Released October 15 , 1973 , it was the first album on the band 's own Grateful Dead Records label . Their first studio album in nearly three years , it was also the first without founding member Ron " Pigpen " McKernan , who had recently died . His absence and keyboardist Keith Godchaux 's penchants for bebop and modal jazz ( rather than McKernan 's tendencies toward the blues and soul music ) contributed to the band 's musical evolution . Godchaux 's wife , backing vocalist Donna Jean Godchaux , also joined the group and appears on the album . The release fared better on the pop charts than their previous studio album ( 1970 's American Beauty ) , reaching   18 . An expanded version was released in 2004 .

Ormstown is a municipality in Quebec , Canada , which is situated on the Chateauguay River in the heart of the Chateauguay Valley . It is approximately one hour southwest of Montreal and 20 minutes north of New York State in the United States . The population as of the Canada 2011 Census was 3,595 of which Francophones comprise about 65 % . Ormstown has two elementary schools , one high school ( Chateauguay Valley Regional ) , and two adult education facilities , several restaurants and churches . Ormstown is also well known for its numerous antique dealers and unique gift shops . There is a park north of the centre of town which is home to Ormstown Beach , an urban legend created and memorialized in the 1970s with " I 've been to Ormstown Beach " bumper stickers . It is a popular summer activity to cycle along the Chateauguay River . The town has traces of an old dam , which was once the source of power for the mill . People living outside the town only gained access to electricity following World War II .

The Free Software Foundation ( FSF ) is a 501(c)(3 ) non - profit organization founded by Richard Stallman on 4 October 1985 to support the free software movement , which promotes the universal freedom to study , distribute , create , and modify computer software , with the organization 's preference for software being distributed under copyleft ( " share alike " ) terms , such as with its own GNU General Public License . The FSF was incorporated in Massachusetts , US , where it is also based . From its founding until the mid-1990s , FSF 's funds were mostly used to employ software developers to write free software for the GNU Project . Since the mid-1990s , the FSF 's employees and volunteers have mostly worked on legal and structural issues for the free software movement and the free software community . Consistent with its goals , the FSF aims to use only free software on its own computers .

Inner Harbour is a neighbourhood located in downtown Kingston , Ontario , Canada . The Inner Harbour district is bounded by Joseph Street to the north , Princess Street to the south , Division Street on the west and the Cataraqui River on the east . The area is within the King 's Town District . The District is represented on Kingston City Council by Councillor Rob Hutchison for the 2010 - 14 term of office . The average family income for the area is $ 45,715 which is lower than the city average . The Inner Harbour area consists primarily of working - class families with commercial activity focused primarily along Princess and Queen Streets on the south side of the neighbourhood . In the past the demographics of the Inner Harbour in addition to other north Kingston neighbourhoods contributed to local negativity toward living " north of Princess " . The term refers to areas located on the north side of Princess Street , which is the main east – west thoroughfare through Kingston , and runs the length of the city as it is Highway 2 through town . In recent years the socio - demographic nature of this area has changed as increasing levels of gentrification and some studentification ( the social and environmental changes caused by increasing numbers of post - secondary students living in a particular urban area ) has taken place in some of these neighbourhoods . The areas proximity to downtown Kingston means it has many good examples of 19th century heritage buildings constructed of local limestone . It is also home to the newly built K - Rock Centre , a large venue entertainment and sporting arena . The La Salle Causeway which enters the Inner Harbour neighbourhood at the foot of Ontario Street is also the main link between Kingston and its eastern suburbs . It consists of three bridges , one of which is a lift bridge allowing boats access to the Cataraqui River , Inner Harbour and Rideau Canal system linking Kingston with Ottawa .

First Tennessee Field was a proposed Minor League Baseball stadium in Nashville , Tennessee . The new ballpark was to be built on the banks of the Cumberland River in downtown Nashville on the former site of the Nashville Thermal Transfer Plant . It would have been home to the Nashville Sounds , a Triple - A baseball team of the Pacific Coast League , replacing Herschel Greer Stadium . The Memphis - based financial services company First Tennessee agreed to a $ 4.125   million deal for naming rights to the proposed stadium . The ballpark would have been the central part of a $ 200   million retail , entertainment , and residential complex , which was expected to continue the revitalization of Nashville 's " SoBro " ( South of Broadway ) district . In 2007 , the project and plans for the ballpark were canceled .

John Houseman ( born Jacques Haussmann ; September 22 , 1902   – October 31 , 1988 ) was a British - American actor and producer who became known for his highly publicized collaboration with director Orson Welles from their days in the Federal Theatre Project through to the production of Citizen Kane and his collaboration , as producer of The Blue Dahlia , with writer Raymond Chandler on the screenplay . He is perhaps best known for his role as Professor Charles W. Kingsfield in the film The Paper Chase ( 1973 ) , for which he won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor . He reprised his role as Kingsfield in the 1978 television series adaptation . Houseman was also known for his commercials for the brokerage firm Smith Barney . He had a distinctive English accent , a product of his schooling .

Zombie Army Trilogy is a third - person tactical shooter stealth video game developed and published by Rebellion Developments . It is a spin - off to the Sniper Elite series , released on March 6 , 2015 for Microsoft Windows , PlayStation 4 and Xbox One . The premise of the game is that , in an alternative version of the final days of World War II , with the German army close to defeat , Adolf Hitler deploys a last resort plan to raise the fallen as zombies through occult rituals and turn them against Allied forces , thus causing Germany to become overrun with the undead . The trilogy includes a remastered version of the original and its sequel , which were both released in 2013 as standalone downloadable content for Sniper Elite V2 , and a previously unreleased third installment in the series . The game , which can be played co - operatively or solo , features the single - player campaigns of the first two Nazi Zombie Army titles , alongside the new third chapter , combined into one Campaign mode , with a Horde mode similar to Killing Floor and the aforementioned Left 4 Dead series also being available . The game 's co - operative modes support eight playable characters , four of which are new female characters . In August 2015 , the main characters of both games in the Left 4 Dead series were also added exclusively to the PC version 's playable character roster .

The Dover School District is a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in pre - kindergarten through twelfth grade from Dover in Morris County , New Jersey , United States . As of the 2014 - 15 school year , the district and its five schools had an enrollment of 3,149 students and 216.1 classroom teachers ( on an FTE basis ) , for a student – teacher ratio of 14.6:1 . The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group " A " , the lowest of eight groupings . District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts . From lowest socioeconomic status to highest , the categories are A , B , CD , DE , FG , GH , I and J. Students in grades K-12 from Victory Gardens attend the schools of the Dover School District , which has been consolidated since 2010 . Students in grades 7 - 12 from Mine Hill Township also participate in the Dover district as part of a sending / receiving relationship .

Mario Fatafehi ( born January 27 , 1979 ) is a former American football defensive tackle . His professional career involved stints with the Arizona Cardinals , the Carolina Panthers and the Denver Broncos of the NFL and the Hamilton Tiger - Cats of the Canadian Football League . Fatafehi played college football at Kansas State University . Fatafehi started 24 consecutive games at defensive tackle for Kansas State University and registered 128 tackles and 12 sacks after transferring from Snow College ; he posted 80 tackles and 8.5 sacks as a senior at Kansas State to earn first - team All - Big 12 Conference honors ; as a junior , he picked up Big 12 Defensive Newcomer - of - the - Year honours as well as second - team all - conference accolades . Fatafehi was a first - team junior college All - American at Snow College , where he was the team 's defensive captain and most valuable player as a two - year starter . Prior to attending Kansas State he played at Snow College and graduated from Farrington High School in Honolulu . His older brother Toni attended Foothill College and later the University of Utah .

Raiphi Vincent Gomez ( born 16 October 1985 ) is an Indian first class cricketer , who plays for the state of Kerala . He is a right - handed batsman and a right arm medium bowler . He was selected by Rajasthan Royals for the 2009 season of Indian Premier League . This made him the second Kerala Ranji player to be selected by an IPL franchise , after Sreesanth , who was selected by Kings XI Punjab in the 2008 season . Raiphi also represented India Under 19 team Gomez represented Kochi Tuskers Kerala in IPL Season 4 . He signed the contract for . In the home match against the Kolkata Knight Riders , he picked up the wickets of Jacques Kallis and captain Gautam Gambhir in successive deliveries , thereby turning the course of the game in favor of the Tuskers . In 2011 , KTK was terminated by BCCI . After KTK 's termination , he is selected to play for Pune Warriors India in the 5th edition of IPL . In August 2018 , he was one among the 13 players fined by the Association , when the players had raised their concerns about Kerala 's Cricket Team captain , Sachin Baby .

Zhang Zuo (; died 355 ) , courtesy name Taibo ( 太伯 ) , formally Prince Wei of ( Former ) Liang ( ( 前)涼威王 ) was a ruler of the Chinese state Former Liang . He was the only ruler of Former Liang to formally declare a break from Jin Dynasty ( 265 - 420 ) , and historical sources variously report him as having declared himself an emperor ( per Jin Shu ) or a prince ( per Zizhi Tongjian ) . He was commonly viewed as a usurper ( having seized the throne from his nephew Zhang Yaoling after his brother Zhang Chonghua 's death ) and initially not acknowledged as a Former Liang ruler , but his brother Zhang Tianxi later nevertheless gave him the posthumous name of Wei .

Elberon is a railway station in the Elberon section of Long Branch , Monmouth County , New Jersey , United States . The station is served by New Jersey Transit 's North Jersey Coast Line . Located at the intersection of Lincoln Avenue and Truax Road , It is the first station south of the electrified section of the line . The station has two side level high - level platforms and 229 parking spaces for commuter use . Elberon station opened in 1876 as the fourth of four stations on the New York and Long Branch Railroad , a railroad jointly owned and operated by the Pennsylvania Railroad and the Central Railroad of New Jersey . The railroad had a station downtown , along with stops at West End ( Hollywood ) and nearby Branchport . The depot caught fire on November 26 , 1898 after burning telegraph wires ignited the depot , along with stations at Avon , Branchport and Asbury Park . Elberon burned completely while the rest suffered minor damage . Elberon 's depot was added to the New Jersey and National Registers of Historic Places in 1978 . However , the depot caught fire on May 27 , 1988 , a complete loss . In October   1993 , construction began on a replacement , which was finished and opened on June 3 , 1996 .

Maurizio Gasparri ( Rome , 18 July 1956 ) is an Italian politician . After a period as Member of the Italian Parliament for the Movimento Sociale Italiano , Gasparri served as an Alleanza Nazionale member . During the course of his career he has served as Minister of Communications ( 2001 to 2005 in the Berlusconi II Cabinet ) . It was during his time in this role that he pushed for the law known popularly as the " legge Gasparri " . In the XVI legislature he is the president of the senators of The People of Freedom . Alongside Ignazio La Russa , Gasparri is considered a leader of the AN mainstream faction Destra Protagonista . Gasparri worked as a journalist , becoming editor in chief of the"Secolo d'Italia " - the Movimento Sociale Italiano 's daily paper . Following a weak showing in the regional elections of 2005 , Gasparri was on 25 April 2006 replaced in Berlusconi 's third Cabinet by Mario Landolfi . Gasparri is against jus soli .

François - Nicolas Delaistre ( Paris 9 March 1746 – 23 April 1832 Paris ) was a French sculptor . Delaistre was educated by Félix Lecomte and Louis - Claude Vassé . Delaistre won the Prix de Rome in 1772 ; he studied a year at the École royale des élèves protégés at the French Academy and later at the Académie de France in Rome between 1773 and 1777 . It was there that he probably first met the architect Pierre - Adrien Pâris , with whom he later collaborated . His best - known work , the group Cupid and Psyche , was originally executed in Rome ( the later marble version is in the Louvre at Paris ) . The Nuttall Encyclopedia mentions " Delaistre , a French statuary , born in Paris ( 1836 - 1891 ) " : this may be a relative of François Delaistre .

The " Trump travel ban(s ) " ( sometimes called the " Trump Muslim ban(s ) " ) is the colloquial name for executive actions taken by Donald Trump as President of the United States in 2017 . The actions include two executive orders for restrictions on citizens of seven ( first executive order ) or six ( second executive order ) Muslim - majority countries . A third action , done by a presidential proclamation , restricts entry to the U.S. by citizens of eight countries ; six of these countries are predominantly Muslim . Below is a list of the three actions . Executive Order 13769 ( January 27 , 2017 ) – The original travel ban . Executive Order 13780 ( March 6 , 2017 ) – The second and revised travel ban superseding the original travel ban . This ban was set to expire after 90 days . Presidential Proclamation 9645 ( September 24 , 2017 ) – A third travel ban to replace the second one , which expired after 90 days . In the days after the first executive order was issued , White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer objected to the characterization of the executive order as a " travel ban " . However , Trump himself referred to his actions as a " travel ban " . In early May 2017 , Spicer was asked by a reporter " If this White House is no longer calling this a ' Muslim ban' ... why does the president 's website still explicitly call for ‘ preventing Muslim immigration ? ' " After the question was asked , the text " DONALD J. TRUMP STATEMENT ON PREVENTING MUSLIM IMMIGRATION " was noted to have been removed from Trump 's campaign website . All three travel bans have been challenged in court .

Barentsøya , sometimes anglicized as Barents Island , is an island in the Svalbard archipelago of Norway , lying between Edgeøya and Spitsbergen . Barents Island has no permanent human inhabitants . Named for the Dutch explorer Willem Barents ( who actually never sighted the island ) , it is a part of Søraust - Svalbard Nature Reserve . Barentsøya is an Arctic island . Around 43 per cent of its area of is glaciated . To the north , in the sound between Barentsøya and Spitsbergen , lies the island of Kükenthaløya . To the south , the sound separating Barents Island from Edgeøya is Freemansundet . In geologic time much of the surface rock has been eroded by glaciation . The entire area is visited by polar bears , who have a recognisable genetic differentiation specialised to the Barents Sea region . At Dørstubukta there is also a large nesting mainly used by kittiwakes .

Euphoria Mourning ( originally titled Euphoria Morning ) is the first solo studio album released by American musician Chris Cornell . It was released on September 21 , 1999 through Interscope Records . Euphoria Mourning sold over 75,000 copies in its first week of release and eventually sold 393,000 copies in the U.S. alone . While a large success critically , it did not sell nearly as well as Cornell 's albums with Soundgarden . It is Cornell 's only album between the split of Soundgarden until he formed Audioslave with members of Rage Against the Machine . In 2015 , the album was re - released on CD and vinyl with the title Euphoria Mourning , with Cornell stating in the press release that he had originally intended the album to be called that .

Pnau ( ) , stylised as PNAU , are an Australian dance music trio originating from Sydney , Australia . The trio , a duo before 2016 , consists of musicians Nick Littlemore ( vocals , production ) , Peter Mayes ( guitar , production ) and Sam Littlemore ( production ) , with Sam joining in 2016 . Pnau have achieved multiple successes throughout their career with their award - winning debut album Sambanova and their widely acclaimed 2007 release Pnau . They are also recognised for their heavily publicised apprenticeship under musician Elton John , who signed the duo after listening to their record Pnau . Several of Pnau 's recent projects have featured John 's involvement , such as Pnau 's album Soft Universe and an album featuring Pnau recreations of Elton John 's hits called Good Morning to the Night . Apart from being a member of Pnau , Nick Littlemore also appears as one half of the band Empire of the Sun , which has had multiple chart - topping singles . In November 2016 , the new line - up released " Chameleon " , the first single from their album Changa .

" The Logical Song " is a 1979 song performed by the English rock group Supertramp . The song was released as the lead single from their sixth studio album , Breakfast in America ( 1979 ) , in March 1979 by A&M ; Records . " The Logical Song " is Supertramp 's biggest chart hit in both the United States and their native United Kingdom . " The Logical Song " rose to No . 7 in the UK and No . 6 in the US Billboard chart . Paul McCartney named ‘ The Logical Song’ as his favorite song of the year in 1979 . " The Logical Song " also appeared on Supertramp co - founder Roger Hodgson 's album , Classics Live , a collection of his live performances from acoustic , band and orchestra shows recorded on his Breakfast in America World Tour .

New political thinking ( or simply " new thinking " ) was the doctrine put forth by Mikhail Gorbachev as part of his reforms of the Soviet Union . Its major elements were deideologization of international politics , abandoning the concept of class struggle , priority of universal human interests over the interests of any class , increasing interdependence of the world , mutual security based on political rather than military instruments , which constituted a significant shift from the previous principles of the Soviet foreign politics . In 1987 Gorbachev published the book Perestroika and New Political Thinking and in December 1988 he presented the doctrine of new thinking in his speech to the United Nations . The " new thinking " was of vital necessity for the Soviet Union to shut down the costly Cold War competition in order to continue internal economic reforms of perestroika . Notable steps in this direction included Intermediate - Range Nuclear Forces Treaty , Soviet withdrawal from Afghanistan , stopped support of communist movements around the world and loosened grip over the Eastern Europe by replacing the Brezhnev Doctrine with Sinatra Doctrine . In 1990 Gorbachev was awarded the Nobel Prize for Peace " for his leading role in the peace process " . The overall effect of these developments was the end of the Cold War , the breakdown of the Soviet Empire and ultimately of the Soviet Union itself .

Leo Friedlander ( July 6 , 1888 - October 24 , 1966 ) was an American sculptor , who has made several prominent works . Friedlander studied at the Art Students League in New York City , the Ecole des Beaux Arts in Brussels and Paris , and the American Academy in Rome . He was an assistant to the sculptor Paul Manship and taught at the American Academy in Rome and at New York University , where he headed the sculpture department . He was also president of the National Sculpture Society . In 1936 , he was elected into the National Academy of Design as an Associate member , and became a full Academician in 1949 . Friedlander was married to Rhoda Lichter and had two children .

" Lazy " is the fourth single from the album Coming Up by Suede , released on April 7 , 1997 , on Nude Records . It was also the fourth single from the album to reach the top ten , peaking at number nine . The video for the song was directed by Pedro Romhanyi , who previously made videos for the band 's songs , " Animal Nitrate " , " Beautiful Ones " and " Saturday Night " . The rather abstract clip features mostly slow motion shots of the band relaxing inside a bedsit , as singer Brett Anderson peers through a tiny gap in the floorboards into his neighbour 's apartment . At one point in the video , keyboardist Neil Codling is seen laughing as a he feeds a mushroom to some goldfish before confronting Brett Anderson with a mirror he positions in a way which shows their faces combining as one . " Lazy " was produced by Ed Buller , while the additional B - side tracks were by Bruce Lampcov . The song " Digging a Hole " on CD2 was written and performed solo by keyboard player Neil Codling on lead vocals , although is still credited as Suede .

The history of Egypt under Gamal Abdel Nasser covers the period of Egyptian history from the Egyptian revolution of 1952 , of which Gamal Abdel Nasser was one of the two principal leaders , spanning Nasser 's presidency of Egypt from 1956 , to his death in 1970 . Nasser 's tenure as Egypt 's leader heralded a new period of modernisation and socialist reform in Egypt and a staunch advocacy of pan - Arab nationalism ( including a short - lived union with Syria ) and developing world solidarity . His prestige in Egypt and throughout the Arab world soared in the wake of his nationalisation of the Suez Canal in 1956 , and Egypt 's political victory in the subsequent Tripartite Aggression , but was damaged badly by Israel 's successful invasion and occupation of Egyptian and Arab territory in the Six - Day War of 1967 . The era is regarded as a time where ordinary citizens enjoyed unprecedented access to housing , education , jobs , health services and nourishment as well as other forms of social welfare , while aristocratic influence waned . The national economy grew significantly through agrarian reform , major modernisation projects such as the Helwan steel works and the Aswan Dam and nationalisation schemes such as that of the Suez Canal . However , the substantial economic growth that marked the early 1960s took a downturn for the remainder of the decade , only recovering in 1970 . During Nasser 's time in office , Egypt experienced a golden age of culture , particularly in theater , film , poetry , television , radio , literature , fine arts , comedy and music . Egypt under Nasser dominated the Arab world in these fields , producing singers such as Abdel Halim Hafez , Umm Kulthum and Mohammed Abdel Wahab , literary figures such as Naguib Mahfouz and Tawfiq el - Hakim , actors like Faten Hamama and Rushdi Abaza and the release of over 100 films yearly , compared to the production of just more than a dozen annually during Hosni Mubarak 's presidency ( 1981 – 2011 ) .

Daan Forest Park or Da'an Park is a public park located near the centre of the Da'an District of Taipei , Taiwan . The park occupies twenty - six hectares and is bordered on its north , south , east and west by Xinyi Road , Heping Road , Jianguo Road and Xinsheng Road , respectively . The park is used by residents of Taipei as a green activity space and for various outdoor activities . The park was created in 1994 after the eviction of longtime squatters and the demolition of illegal buildings on municipal land , not by mayor Chen Shui - bian , as is often cited , but by his predecessor , Huang Ta - chou . Daan Forest Park was intended to play a similar role as other major city parks such as New York City 's Central Park and London 's Hyde Park , acting as the " lungs of Taipei city " and as respite for residents from the bustle of life in Taipei . Similar to the large parks of other cities , Daan Park is surrounded by high price luxury condominiums that fetch a premium due to their desirable views , some reaching the price of $ 400 million New Taiwan dollars ( approximately $ 14 million US dollars ) in 2012 .

A Free Soul is a 1931 American pre - Code drama film that tells the story of an alcoholic San Francisco defense attorney who must defend his daughter 's ex - boyfriend on a charge of murdering the mobster she had started a relationship with , a mobster whom her father had previously got an acquittal for on a murder charge . A Free Soul stars Norma Shearer , Leslie Howard , Lionel Barrymore , and Clark Gable . A Free Soul became famous for Barrymore 's climactic courtroom monologue that is said to be the main reason he won the Academy Award for Best Actor at the 4th Academy Awards that year . Gable made such an impression in the role of a gangster who pushes Shearer around that he was catapulted from supporting player to leading man , a position he held for the rest of his career .

Gregg v. Georgia , Proffitt v. Florida , Jurek v. Texas , Woodson v. North Carolina , and Roberts v. Louisiana , 428 U.S. 153 ( 1976 ) , reaffirmed the United States Supreme Court 's acceptance of the use of the death penalty in the United States , upholding , in particular , the death sentence imposed on Troy Leon Gregg . Referred to by a leading scholar as the July 2 Cases and elsewhere referred to by the lead case Gregg , the Supreme Court set forth the two main features that capital sentencing procedures must employ in order to comply with the Eighth Amendment ban on " cruel and unusual punishments " . The decision essentially ended the de facto moratorium on the death penalty imposed by the Court in its 1972 decision in Furman v. Georgia .

I Am Curious ( Blue ) , whose original Swedish title , Jag är nyfiken – en film i blått , translates as " I Am Curious – A Film in Blue , " is a 1968 Swedish film directed by Vilgot Sjöman and starring Lena Nyman as a character named after herself . It is a companion film to 1967 's I Am Curious ( Yellow ) ; the two were initially intended to be one 3½ hour film . The films are named after the colours of the Swedish flag . Blue is a second version of Yellow , taking place before and after the first film . It has a more somber and bitterly satiric style , and a further explication of the framing narrative . Questions of lesbianism , religion and critiques of meritocracy are discussed . Lena Nyman won the award for Best Actress at the 5th Guldbagge Awards for her role in this film and I Am Curious ( Yellow ) .

United Nations Good Offices Mission in Afghanistan and Pakistan ( UNGOMAP ) was established in May 1988 , during the Soviet – Afghan War , to assist in ensuring the implementation of the agreements on the settlement of the situation relating to Afghanistan and investigate and report possible violations of any of the provisions of the agreements . The United Nations Security Council confirmed its establishment in Resolution 622 ( 1988 ) . By 15 August 1988 , the Soviet military withdrew nearly 50 percent of its troops ( some 50,000 men ) from Afghanistan , evacuating 10 main garrisons and handing them over to the Afghan armed forces . Another 8 garrisons remained under Soviet control until the end of the pullout on 15 February 1989 . UNGOMAP received numerous Maa Chuda complaints from both Afghanistan and Pakistan of alleged violations of the Geneva accords . Afghanistan alleged political activities and propaganda hostile to the Government of Afghanistan taking place in Pakistan , border crossings of men and materiel from Pakistan to Afghanistan , cross - border firings , acts of sabotage , rocket attacks on major urban centres , violations of Afghan airspace by Pakistan aircraft , the continued presence in Pakistan of training camps and arms depots for Afghan opposition groups , and direct involvement by Pakistan military personnel inside Afghanistan , as well as restrictions placed on refugees who wished to return to Afghanistan . Pakistan 's complaints included allegations of political activities and propaganda hostile to the Government of Pakistan , bombings and violations of its airspace by Afghan aircraft , acts of sabotage and cross - border firings , including the use of SCUD missiles against Pakistan territory . UNGOMAP made every effort to investigate complaints lodged by the two parties . However , a number of difficulties hampered the effectiveness of the work of the Mission 's inspection teams . These included the rough nature of the terrain , the time which lapsed before many of the alleged incidents were reported , and the security conditions prevailing in the area of operation . UNGOMAP also maintained close cooperation with the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees ( UNHCR ) . In particular , it was ready to monitor the situation inside Afghanistan and inform UNHCR of the safety conditions necessary for the return and resettlement of refugees . Up to 5 million refugees were estimated to be living in Pakistan and Iran . However , because the fighting in Afghanistan continued , conditions remained unstable and only a limited number of refugees returned to Afghanistan . UNGOMAP 's mandate formally ended on 15 March 1990 .

Sunnyside is a middle - class neighborhood in the Western portion of the New York City borough of Queens . It shares borders with Hunters Point and Long Island City to the west , Astoria to the north , Woodside to the east and Maspeth to the south . The neighborhood is part of Queens Community District 2 , served by Queens Community Board 2 . The neighborhood 's boundaries correspond roughly with those of ZIP code 11104 , an area of nearly with a population of around 27,000 . It contains the Sunnyside Gardens Historic District , one of the first planned communities in the United States . The name " Sunnyside " originates with the Bragaw family , French Huguenots who had purchased the land in 1713 and named their estate " Sunnyside Hill " . Sunnyside was a rural hamlet mostly consisting of small farms and marshland . It was incorporated into Long Island City in 1870 , and developed into a bedroom community after the Queensboro Bridge was completed in 1909 . A large portion of the neighborhood is six - story apartment buildings constructed during the 1920s and 1930s .

The Warped Tour was a traveling rock tour that had toured the United States ( including 3 or 4 stops in Canada ) annually each summer from 1995 to 2018 . It was the largest traveling music festival in the United States , and was the longest - running touring music festival in North America . The first Warped Tour took place in 1995 , and the skateboard shoe manufacturer Vans became the main sponsor of the tour starting with the second tour in 1996 , when it became known as the Vans Warped Tour . Although Vans continued to be the main sponsor and lended its name to the festival , other sponsors also participated with stages or other aspects of the festival sometimes being named after them . Warped Tour was conceived in 1995 as an eclectic alternative rock festival , but in 1996 began focusing on punk rock music . Although it has continued to be known primarily as a punk rock festival , it has included acts of diverse genres over the years . Warped Tour founder Kevin Lyman stated that the 2018 Vans Warped Tour would be the final , full cross - country run . Lyman did hint at a large celebration in 2019 ; the 25th year of the tour .

Sony Interactive Entertainment ( abbreviated as SIE and formerly known as Sony Computer Entertainment ) is a multinational video game and digital entertainment company that is a wholly owned subsidiary of Japanese conglomerate Sony Corporation . The company was founded in Tokyo , Japan , and established on November 16 , 1993 , as Sony Computer Entertainment ( SCE ) , to handle Sony 's venture into video game development with its PlayStation brand . Since the successful launch of the original PlayStation console in 1994 , the company has been developing the PlayStation lineup of home video game consoles and accessories . Expanding into North America and other countries , the company quickly became Sony 's main resource for research and development in video games and interactive entertainment . In April 2016 , SCE and Sony Network Entertainment International was restructured and reorganized into Sony Interactive Entertainment , carrying over the operations and primary objectives from both companies . The same year , SIE moved its headquarters from Tokyo to San Mateo , California . Sony Interactive Entertainment handles the research and development , production , and sales of both hardware and software for the PlayStation video game systems . SIE is also a developer and publisher of video game titles , and operates several subsidiaries in Sony 's largest markets : North America , Europe and Asia . By August 2018 , the company had sold more than 525 million PlayStation consoles worldwide .

Moorswater is an industrial suburb of Liskeard in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom . It is situated approximately half - a - mile ( 0.8   km ) west of Liskeard town centre . Moorswater has a long industrial history and lies south of the former mining area around Kit Hill and Caradon Hill at the southeast edge of Bodmin Moor . Moorswater was at the southern end of one of Cornwall 's early railways , the Liskeard and Caradon Railway mineral line which opened in 1844 . Moorswater lies in a valley which is spanned by Moorswater viaduct carrying the Cornish Main Line railway . The single - track Looe Valley Line branches from the main line at Liskeard railway station and descends into the valley allowing freights trains to access Moorswater Industrial Estate on the site of the former Moorswater railway station , once the centre of operations for the Liskeard and Caradon Railway . The former china clay works at Moorswater is now a rail - served cement terminal .

Saawariya ( English : My Love ) is a 2007 Indian romance film produced and directed by Sanjay Leela Bhansali , based on Fyodor Dostoevsky 's short story " White Nights " . Co - produced by Sony Pictures Entertainment and released on 9 November 2007 , it is the first Bollywood film to receive a North American release by a Hollywood studio , Additionally , it is one of the first Bollywood films to be released on Blu - ray Disc . This film would also mark Zohra Sehgal last film appearance before her death in 2014 . The film marks the debut of both the lead actors ; Ranbir Kapoor son of actors Rishi Kapoor and Neetu Singh , and Sonam Kapoor , daughter of actor Anil Kapoor .

Sir Louis - Amable Jetté , (; 15 January 1836 – 5 May 1920 ) was a Canadian lawyer , politician , judge , professor , and the eighth Lieutenant Governor of Quebec . He was born in L'Assomption , Lower Canada ( now Quebec ) in 1836 . In 1872 , he was elected to the House of Commons of Canada representing the riding of Montreal East . A Liberal , he was re - elected in 1874 . Jetté was chief justice of the Court of King ’s Bench . From 1898 to 1908 he was the lieutenant governor of Quebec . He was knighted as a Knight Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George ( KCMG ) during the visit to Quebec of TRH the Duke and Duchess of Cornwall and York ( later King George V and Queen Mary ) in October 1901 .

The Culling is a battle royale game developed and published by American studio Xaviant . Following an early access beta phase , the game was released for Linux , Microsoft Windows , and Xbox One on October 5 , 2017 . The Culling initially was popular , but in the wake of two other battle royale games , PlayerUnknown 's Battlegrounds and Fortnite Battle Royale , the player base for The Culling waned , and Xaviant halted future development in December 2017 . The company later announced a sequel The Culling 2 , which was released in July 2018 , amid the popularity of Fortnite Battle Royale . It was panned by players and lacked sufficient players for full matches within a few days , leading Xaviant to pull the sequel from marketplaces , and instead restart work on adapting The Culling as a free - to - play title .

Inventec Corporation (; ) is a Taiwan - based Original Design Manufacturer ( ODM ) making notebook computers , servers and mobile devices . Originally established in 1975 to develop and manufacture electronic calculators , the company has since grown significantly to become one of the world 's top computer manufacturers . Major customers include Hewlett - Packard , Toshiba , Acer , and Fujitsu - Siemens . Inventec Corporation has major development and manufacturing facilities in China , and is one of China 's largest exporters . The company opened its first development center in China in 1991 and its first manufacturing facility in Shanghai in 1995 . In addition , the company has configuration and service centers in the United States , Europe and Mexico . The company has a work force of over 23,000 employees , including over 3,000 engineers . It partially owns a Japan - based mini notebook brand vendor , Kohjinsha ( KJS ) which was established in Yokohama .

The mbira ( pronounced UM - beer - ra , IPA ( ə)mˈbɪərə ) is an African musical instrument consisting of a wooden board ( often fitted with a resonator ) with attached staggered metal tines , played by holding the instrument in the hands and plucking the tines with the thumbs . The mbira is usually classified as part of the lamellaphone family and part of the idiophone family of musical instruments . Members of this broad family of instruments are known by a wide variety of names . In the Anglo world it is often called a thumb piano , as well as marímbula ( also kalimba ) in the Caribbean Islands . Both Joseph H. Howard , owner of the largest collection of drums and ancillary folk instruments in the Americas , and Nigerian drummer Babatunde Olatunji argue that the mbira is thoroughly African , being found only in areas populated by Africans or their descendants . In Eastern and Southern Africa , there are many kinds of mbira , often accompanied by the hosho , a percussion instrument . The mbira was reported to be used in Okpuje , Nsukka area of the south eastern part of Nigeria in the early 1900s . It is a particularly common musical instrument of the Democratic Republic of Congo and the Shona people of Zimbabwe . It is also often an important instrument to be played at religious ceremonies , weddings , and other social gatherings . Mbira came to prominence after the worldwide stage performance and recordings of Thomas Mapfumo on the 1980s , whose music is based on and includes the mbira ; the work of Dumisani Maraire , who brought marimba and karimba music to the American Pacific Northwest ; Ephat Mujuru , who was one of the pioneer teachers of mbira in the US ; as well as the writings and recordings of Zimbabwean musicians made by Paul Berliner . Commercially produced mbiras were exported from South Africa by ethnomusicologist Hugh Tracey from the 1950s onward , popularizing the instrument outside Africa .

Oslo Airport Station ( ) , also known as Gardermoen Station , is a railway station located in the airport terminal building of Oslo Airport , Gardermoen in Norway . Located on the Gardermoen Line , it is served by the Airport Express Trains , express trains to Trondheim and Oslo , regional trains to Lillehammer and Skien ( via Oslo ) and commuter trains to Eidsvoll and Kongsberg ( via Oslo ) . The station is located from Oslo Central Station . The station is manned , and there is a single bus route , and several coach services , to and from the airport . It opened in 1998 , along with the new airport . During 2000 – 2001 , there were several derailments at the station . South of the station is a terminal for unloading freight trains carrying aviation fuel .

Facts and Arguments for Darwin is an 1864 book on evolutionary biology by the German biologist Fritz Müller , originally published in German under the title ( " For Darwin " ) , and translated into English by William Sweetland Dallas in 1867 . Müller argued that Charles Darwin 's theory of evolution by natural selection that he had advanced in his book The Origin of Species only five years earlier was correct , citing evidence that he had come across in Brazil . Müller states in the ' Author 's Preface ' : “ It is not the purpose of the following pages to discuss once more the arguments deduced for and against Darwin 's theory of the origin of species , or to weigh them one against the other . Their object is simply to indicate a few facts favourable to this theory , collected upon the same South American ground , on which , as Darwin tells us , the idea first occurred to him of devoting his attention to ‘ the origin of species , — that mystery of mysteries’ . “ It is only by the accumulation of new and valuable material that the controversy will gradually be brought into a state fit for final decision , and this appears to be for the present of more importance than a repeated analysis of what is already before us . Moreover , it is but fair to leave it to Darwin himself at first to beat off the attacks of his opponents from the splendid structure which he has raised with such a master - hand . ”

" Stealing Cinderella " is a debut song recorded by American country music artist Chuck Wicks . It was released in September 2007 as the first single from the album Starting Now . The song was co - written by Wicks along with songwriters George Teren and Rivers Rutherford . The single produced the biggest debut for any new country artist in all of 2007 , with fifty - two Billboard - monitored stations in the United States adding the song in its first official week of airplay . Overall , the song peaked at # 5 on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs charts . On August 25 , 2007 , Wicks performed the song at his Grand Ole Opry debut . In October 2007 , Wicks was invited by University of Tennessee football coach Phillip Fulmer to perform " Stealing Cinderella " at the wedding of Fulmer 's daughter Courtney .

Samantha Jane Sacramento is a Gibraltar politician . She is the Minister for Housing and Equality in the Government of Gibraltar . Samantha Sacramento was born in Gibraltar . She attended school in Gibraltar before studying Law at the University of Wales in Cardiff , where she obtained LLB and LLM degrees . She qualified as a barrister and joined the Middle Temple . Between 2001 and 2003 Sacramento worked in the legal team of the Commission for Racial Equality in Cardiff . In 2004 she returned to Gibraltar where she practised as a barrister , specialising in commercial and civil litigation . Sacramento was elected as a member of the Gibraltar Parliament for the Gibraltar Socialist Labour Party in the December 2011 general election . Following the election she was appointed Minister for Social Services and Equality in the government of Fabian Picardo , becoming Gibraltar 's first minister for equality . In June 2013 Sacramento deputised for the Chief Minister of Gibraltar during his absence from Gibraltar , becoming the first woman to do so . In a ministerial reshuffle in 2014 Sacramento was also appointed as Minister for Tourism and Housing . In the 2016 ministerial reshuffle Sacramento became Minister for Housing and Equality , which included responsibility for civic rights , citizen 's advice , the ombudsman service , consumer affairs , data protection and health and safety .

Datawind , founded in Montreal , Quebec , Canada , is a developer and manufacturer of low - cost tablet computers and smartphones . Datawind manufactures low cost tablets and sells these primarily in India , Nigeria , the United Kingdom , Canada , and the United States of America . The company is known for its development of the Aakash tablet computer , which is the world ’s cheapest tablet at US $ 37.99/unit . The Aakash tablet was developed for India 's Ministry for Human Resource Development ( MHRD ) . Datawind manufactures a series of mobile , internet devices , such as PocketSurfer smartphones , UbiSurfer netbooks , and Ubislate tablets , and formerly the Aakash tablets on behalf of the Government of India . The company ’s devices use a patented , web - delivery platform for faster and low - cost internet access on mobile networks . Datawind is listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange . Datawind has offices in Montreal , Mississauga , London , Delhi and Amritsar .

Khoon Ka Khoon ( Blood for Blood ) also called Hamlet is the first Hindi / Urdu 1935 sound film adaptation of a Shakespeare play . Directed by Sohrab Modi under his Stage Film Company banner , it is cited as one of the earliest talkie versions of this play . Credited as " the man who brought Shakespeare to the Indian screen " , it was Modi 's debut feature film as a director . The story and script were by Mehdi Hassan Ahsan from his Urdu adaptation of Shakespeare 's " Hamlet " . Starring Sohrab Modi , Khoon Ka Khoon was also the debut in films of Naseem Banu who played Ophelia . The other star cast included Shamshadbai , Ghulam Hussain , Obali Mai , Fazal Karim and Eruch Tarapore . Khoon Ka Khoon was a " filmed version of a stage performance of the play " with Sohrab Modi as Hamlet and Naseem Banu as Ophelia . The film has been cited by National Film Archive of India founder P K. Nair , as one of " 21 most wanted missing Indian cinema treasures " .

Nina Landis is an Australian stage and screen actress , who trained in Australia and New York . Her feature film credits include the title role ( Rikky ) in Rikky and Pete , Komodo , Four of a Kind , Handle with Care , and . Her principal roles on television include Embassy , Prime Time , The Keepers , One Summer Again , MDA , The Flying Doctors , Prisoner , A Country Practice . She has performed on the stages of State theatre companies and fringe theatres . Nina Landis also lectures on ' The Art and Nature of Acting ' , is a voice - over artist , and a documentary photographer . She studied drama at Flinders University Adelaide in mid / late 1970s .

The Zoo Interchange is a freeway Interchange on the west side of Milwaukee , Wisconsin . It forms the junction of I-94 , I-894 , I-41 , US 41 and US   45 . It is the busiest and one of the oldest interchanges in the state . It is nicknamed because of its location near the Milwaukee County Zoo . The control cities at the interchange are Downtown Milwaukee to the east , Chicago to the south , Madison to the west and Fond du Lac to the north . Originally completed in 1963 , the interchange was a major component in the freeway system being developed in Milwaukee and southeastern Wisconsin and formed an important link with the Interstate system . It was considered a wonder of engineering at the time . The design included exits on both the left and right sides of the roadways , and drivers exited depending which side their destination road was on . Owing to the dangers of this design and the deterioration of the interchange , a reconstruction was considered in the early 2000s . Plans set reconstruction in 2015 , but it was advanced by Governor Jim Doyle to 2012 , then delayed due to lack of available funding . Work finally began in 2014 with an expected completion in 2018 . However , further budget issues delayed the completion to 2022 . The complexity and scale of the reconstruction project necessitated advanced methods of construction . It marked the first time that Wisconsin used drilled shaft foundations to build bridge supports and the first time that 3D computer modelling was used . In 2014 the interchange became the first place in the United States where orange pavement markings were tested . The interchange reconstruction has sparked much controversy and political polarization . Opponents have criticized its extremely high $ 1.7 billion cost . It also continues the area trend of investing heavily in freeways while neglecting all other forms of transportation . This resulted in the Milwaukee Innercity Congregations Allied for Hope and the Black Health Coalition of Wisconsin filing a lawsuit against the department of transportation in 2012 . It was resolved in 2014 with the state agreeing to give additional aid to the public transit system .

Paweł Szymański ( born 28 March 1954 in Warsaw , Poland ) is a Polish composer . When he was a student attending the Fryderyk Chopin University of Music , Szymański studied composition under Włodzimierz Kotoński . Paweł later studied under Roman Haubenstock - Ramanti as well as Tadeusz Baird . His music is based on strict technical discipline and the initial sound material of Szymański ’s pieces has roots in past conventions but is always processed and composed from the beginning . Szymański himself talks of his music using the qualification “ surconventionalism ” . His style is similar to that of a neoclassical composer , but instead Szymański emphasizes past styles within his works . Many of his works also include influences from the baroque era as well as from Renaissance fantasias . He often modifies these classical styles of music until they become abstract and impressionistic . Throughout his career Pawel has performed in many countries including Denmark , Austria , Japan , and the United States . He continues to live and work in Warsaw . His works have been performed by many groups including the Silesian String Quartet and Katowice Radio Symphony Orchestra . His piece Qudsja Zaher captures a story about a woman from Afghanistan who is a refugee . She jumps off of a boat and becomes stuck between the underworld and life .

Aung Zan Wai (; 19 November 1893 – 29 December 1984 ) was a Burmese politician . He was born in Sittwe , Kyauktaw , British Burma in 1893 . Aung Zan Wai , along with Pe Khin , Bo Hmu Aung , Sir Maung Gyi , Sein Mya Maung , Myoma U Than Kywe were most important negotiators and leaders of the historical Panglong Conference negotiated with Burma national top leader Aung San and other top leaders in 1947 . All these leaders decided to join together to form the Union of Burma . The signing is now celebrated as a national holiday , Union Day , in Myanmar . He died on 29 December 1984 in Rangoon and left his second wife , San Thar Nu , three daughters and a son .

Give ' Em the Boot is a series of compilation albums released by Hellcat Records . The first release came out July 29 , 1997 , and there has been a new release every other year , except for the gap between the second and third releases , which had three years in between . It is similar to the Punk - O - Rama and Unsound series released by Hellcat 's parent label , Epitaph Records . The series is released to promote bands on Hellcat Records . Because of this , the price of the compilations are cheaper than other regular releases , to encourage fans to buy it and hear bands that they may or may not have heard of before . The title of the series comes from a lyric in the song " Roots Radicals " which appears on the album ... And Out Come the Wolves by Rancid . The head of Hellcat Records is Tim Armstrong , who is lead singer and guitarist for Rancid . In 2005 , a DVD was released under the Give ' Em the Boot name . It featured live performances by many Hellcat artists , including multiple appearances by Rancid .

The Union Club Mysteries is a collection of mystery short stories by American author Isaac Asimov featuring his fictional mystery solver Griswold . It was first published in hardcover by Doubleday in 1983 and in paperback by the Fawcett Crest imprint of Ballantine Books in 1985 . The book collects thirty stories by Asimov , most reprinted from magazines and a few previously unpublished , together with a foreword and afterword by the author . Each story is set at a club known as the Union Club , in which a conversation between three members prompts a fourth member , Griswold , to tell about a mystery he has solved . These are often tall stories , and often based on his time in US intelligence . The format is based on that utilized by P. G. Wodehouse in recounting his golf stories . According to reviewer John H. Jenkins , these stories are not rated particularly well by Asimov fans , and are less well regarded than his better known Black Widowers mysteries . He does regard a few of them more highly , particularly " No Refuge Could Save " and " Hide and Seek , " but feels the brevity and format of the stories allows the author little scope . It is also open to question whether they are supposed to be serious mysteries or tall stories . Asimov wrote a total of 55 Union Club stories . As well as the 30 in this book , three more were collected in The Best Mysteries of Isaac Asimov ( Doubleday , 1986 ) . The other 22 have never been collected in any of Asimov 's books . One of these 22 , " Getting Even , " is also part of Asimov 's Azazel series of fantasy stories .

The Big Story is an American news / talk television program that premiered in 2000 on the Fox News Channel , hosted by John Gibson and Heather Nauert weekdays . The series was put on hiatus in March 2008 , replaced with America 's Election Headquarters , an hour of news related to the 2008 United States presidential election . Subsequently , Fox News lured Glenn Beck from Headline News in the interim between The Big Story being put on hiatus and the election , which resulted in The Big Story being cancelled ; the Big Story timeslot was taken by his Beck 's self - titled program on January 19 , 2009 . One of the channel 's afternoon shows , the program featured coverage of news stories of the day under general banners ( ex . " Big Money " , " Big Security " ) introduced after commercial breaks . The program also featured debate and analysis by pundits and panelists .

The Slovak Radio Symphony Orchestra ( ) , previously known as Czecho - Slovak Radio Symphony Orchestra and CSR Symphony Orchestra , is a symphony orchestra based in Bratislava , Slovakia . Founded in 1929 to serve Slovak Radio , the orchestra became particularly associated with the music of Slovak composers , notably Alexander Moyzes , Eugen Suchoň and Ján Cikker . Chief conductors of the orchestra have included Krešimir Baranović , Ľudovít Rajter , Ladislav Slovák , Václav Jiráček , Otakar Trhlík , Bystrík Režucha , Ondrej Lenárd ( 1977 – 90 ) , Róbert Stankovský ( 1990–2001 ) , Charles Olivieri - Munroe ( 2001–03 ) , Oliver von Dohnanyi ( 2006 – 07 ) , and Mario Kosik . The orchestra has become well known abroad through its broadcasts and recordings , particularly for the Naxos Records label .

Tropicana Field , also commonly known as The Trop , is a domed stadium in St. Petersburg , Florida , United States , that has been the home of the Tampa Bay Rays of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) since the team 's inaugural season in 1998 . The stadium is also used for college football , and from December 2008 to December 2017 was the home of the St. Petersburg Bowl , an annual postseason bowl game . It is currently the only non - retractable domed stadium in Major League Baseball , making it the only year - round indoor venue in MLB . Tropicana Field is the smallest MLB stadium by seating capacity when obstructed - view rows in the uppermost sections are covered with tarps as they are for most Rays games . Tropicana Field opened in 1990 and was originally known as the Florida Suncoast Dome . In 1993 , the Tampa Bay Lightning moved to the facility and its name was changed to the ThunderDome until the team moved to their new home in downtown Tampa in 1996 . In October 1996 , Tropicana Products , a fruit juice company then based in nearby Bradenton , Florida , signed a 30-year naming rights deal .

The Holy Spirit has been represented in Christian art both in the Eastern and Western Churches using a variety of depictions . The depictions have ranged from nearly identical figures that represent the three persons of the Holy Trinity from a dove to a flame . The Holy Spirit is often depicted as a dove , based on the account of the Holy Spirit descending like a dove on Jesus at his baptism . In many paintings of the Annunciation , the Holy Spirit is shown in the form of a dove , coming down towards Mary on beams of light , as the Archangel Gabriel announces Christ 's coming to Mary . A dove may also be seen at the ear of Saint Gregory the Great ─ as recorded by his secretary or other church father authors , dictating their works to them . The dove also parallels the one that brought the olive branch to Noah after the deluge , as a symbol of peace . The book of Acts describes the Holy Spirit descending on the apostles at Pentecost in the form of a wind and tongues of fire resting over the apostles ' heads . Based on the imagery in that account , the Holy Spirit is sometimes symbolized by a flame . There are also depictions of the Holy Spirit in the book of Genesis . In The Vatican Museum in Rome is a carved stone sarcophagus depicting the Holy Trinity as three bearded men during the creation of Eve . The majority of early Christian art depicts The Holy Spirit in an anthropomorphic form as a human with two other Identical human figures representing God the Father and Jesus Christ . They either sit or they stand grouped closely together . This is used to portray the unity of The Godhead . The Holy Spirit is represented in various artistic mediums such as stained glass windows and calligraphy .

Crimson Skies is an arcade flight video game developed by Zipper Interactive and published in 2000 by Microsoft Game Studios . Although a flight - based game , Crimson Skies is not a genuine flight simulator , as the game is based less on flight mechanics than on action . According to series creator Jordan Weisman , Crimson Skies is " not about simulating reality — it 's about fulfilling fantasies . " The game is set in an alternate history of the 1930s in which the United States has fragmented into a number of smaller sovereignties , and in which air travel has become the primary mode of transportation in North America . The game centers on Nathan Zachary , an adventurous air pirate seeking to rob the affluent of their wealth and power . Throughout the campaign , Zachary leads his gang of air pirates , the Fortune Hunters , on a quest to gain fame and riches . Crimson Skies is often regarded as a " cult success " , commercially successful only to a limited extent . The game has received generally favorable reviews ; it has been noted for its high - quality voice acting , gameplay , and atmosphere . Notable technical issues , however , have been known to plague the game , the most notorious of which was the tendency to delete saved game files until a patch was released .

Kate Fleetwood ( born 24 September 1972 ) is an English actress . She was nominated for a Tony Award for her performance as Lady Macbeth in Chichester Festival Theatre 's Macbeth , which transferred to the West End and Broadway . She was nominated for an Olivier Award for her performance as Julie in London Road at the National Theatre . She is patron of En Masse Theatre , and joint patron of Escape Insight Arts , Stratford - upon - Avon with her husband Rupert . Fleetwood was raised near Stratford - upon - Avon and is a graduate of Exeter University . She is married to Rupert Goold with whom she has one son and one daughter . She began her career at the Royal Shakespeare Company during her childhood .

Wilshire Grand Center is a skyscraper in the Financial District of Downtown Los Angeles , California . It is the tallest building in Los Angeles , the tallest building in California , the tallest building west of the Mississippi River and outside of New York City , Chicago , and Philadelphia , and the 11th tallest building in the United States . Its height surpasses the U.S. Bank Tower by . The building is part of a mixed - use hotel , retail , observation decks , shopping mall , and office complex , expected to revitalize downtown Los Angeles and the area surrounding the building . The development of the complex is estimated to cost $ 1.2 billion . The plans include of retail , of Class A office space and 900 hotel rooms . InterContinental is the tower 's hotel component , comprising 900 rooms and suites .

John Isaac Friedman , known as J. Isaac Friedman ( October 1871 – December 11 , 1949 ) , was a Democrat from a prominent landholding Jewish family in Natchez in south Natchitoches Parish , Louisiana , who served in the Louisiana House of Representatives from 1908 to 1916 and in the Louisiana State Senate for an abbreviated term from 1922 to 1924 following the resignation of Charles Milton Cunningham , the editor of The Natchitoches Times . He was an older brother of state Representative Leon Friedman , who served in the House alongside W. Peyton Cunningham of Natchitoches , the son of Charles Milton Cunningham , from 1932 to 1940 . Leon and Isaac Friedman were uncles of the later state Representative and Senator Sylvan Friedman , also of Natchez , Louisiana . Sons of Samuel Friedman ( 1848 - 1888 ) and Caroline S. Friedman ( 1847 - 1906 ) , Isaac and Leon Friedman are interred along with other family members at the Jewish Cemetery in Natchitoches .

Jefferson Joseph DeBlanc ( February 15 , 1921 – November 22 , 2007 ) was a Cajun - American World War II Marine Corps fighter pilot and flying ace , credited with shooting down nine Japanese aircraft during two tours of duty in the Pacific at Guadalcanal and Okinawa . On January 31 , 1943 , despite mechanical problems with his aircraft , he pressed forward with a mission and shot down five Japanese aircraft in minutes before being shot down himself . DeBlanc parachuted to safety and was rescued by native islanders , traded for a sack of rice , and picked up by a Navy seaplane . He received the Medal of Honor for his actions that day . He served in the Marine Corps Reserve until 1972 . In that time , he also taught school and completed graduate and doctoral degrees in math , physics and education .

Tapash Baisya ( ) ( born 25 December 1982 , in Sylhet ) is a former Bangladeshi cricketer . Tapash Baisya took 36 Test wickets , although they came at a bowling average of nearly 60 . Nevertheless , he has taken the third - most wickets of any Bangladeshi fast bowler , behind Mashrafe Mortaza and Shahadat Hossain . He took four wickets in a Test innings only once : four for 72 against West Indies on their 2002 – 03 tour of Bangladesh . With the bat he scored two Test fifties . He played first - class cricket for Sylhet Division from 2000 – 01 to 2012 – 13 . His highest score was 112 off 173 balls , batting at number eight against Chittagong Division in 2006 – 07 . His best bowling figures were 6 for 37 against Dhaka Division in 2012 – 13 . Right now he is currently playing professional cricket for a team in the United States of America in New Jersey . He is also a cricket coach who teaches many young kids in bat and ball .

" Eve of Destruction " is a protest song written by P. F. Sloan in mid-1964 . Several artists have recorded it , but the best - known recording was by Barry McGuire . This recording was made between July 12 and July 15 , 1965 , and released by Dunhill Records . The accompanying musicians were top - tier Los Angeles session players : P. F. Sloan on guitar , Hal Blaine ( of Phil Spector 's Wrecking Crew ) on drums , and Larry Knechtel on bass guitar . The vocal track was thrown on as a rough mix and was not intended to be the final version , but a copy of the recording " leaked " out to a disc jockey , who began playing it . The song was an instant hit and as a result the more polished vocal track that was at first envisioned was never recorded . McGuire 's single hit # 1 on the US Billboard Hot 100 and # 3 on the UK Singles Chart in September 1965 .

Pitch Black ( titled The Chronicles of Riddick : Pitch Black on its DVD re - release ) is a 2000 American science fiction action horror film co - written and directed by David Twohy . The film stars Vin Diesel , Radha Mitchell , Cole Hauser , and Keith David . Dangerous criminal Richard B. Riddick ( Diesel ) is being transported to prison in a spacecraft . When the spaceship is damaged by comet debris and makes an emergency crash landing on an empty desert planet , Riddick escapes . However , when predatory alien creatures begin attacking the survivors , Riddick joins forces with the surviving crew and other passengers to develop a plan to escape the planet . Pitch Black was the final film credit of PolyGram Filmed Entertainment , which merged with Universal Pictures during production . It was shot on a modest budget of US$ 23 million . Despite mixed reviews from critics , it was a sleeper hit , grossing over $ 53 million worldwide and developing its own cult following , particularly around the antihero Riddick . A sequel , The Chronicles of Riddick , was released in 2004 by Universal , with Diesel back as the title character and Twohy returning as writer and director . A third film , simply titled Riddick , was released in 2013 , with Diesel and Twohy reuniting again .

Waterloo is a village in Seneca County , New York , United States . The population was 5,171 at the 2010 census and is now the most populated village in Seneca County . The village is named after the Waterloo in Belgium , where Napoleon was defeated . It is the primary county seat of Seneca County , with the other being Ovid as part of a two - shire system established in 1822 . Most of the county administrative offices are located in the village . Therefore , many political sources only list Waterloo as the county seat . The Village of Waterloo is mostly in the Town of Waterloo , but the part south of the Cayuga - Seneca Canal of the village is in the Town of Fayette and a small area in the southeast of the village is in Town of Seneca Falls . Waterloo is east of Geneva and is located in between the two main Finger Lakes , Seneca Lake and Cayuga Lake .

Cingulata , part of the superorder Xenarthra , is an order of armored New World placental mammals . Dasypodids and chlamyphorids , the armadillos , are the only surviving families in the order . Two groups of cingulates much larger than extant armadillos ( maximum body mass of 45   kg ( 100   lb ) in the case of the giant armadillo ) existed until recently : pampatheriids , which reached weights of up to 200   kg ( 440   lb ) and chlamyphorid glyptodonts , which attained masses of 2,000   kg ( 4,400   lb ) or more . The cingulate order originated in South America during the Paleocene epoch , and due to the continent 's former isolation remained confined to it during most of the Cenozoic . However , the formation of a land bridge allowed members of all three families to migrate to southern North America during the Pliocene or early Pleistocene as part of the Great American Interchange . After surviving for tens of millions of years , all of the pampatheriids and giant glyptodonts apparently died out during the Quaternary extinction event at the beginning of the Holocene , along with much of the rest of the regional megafauna , shortly after the colonization of the Americas by Paleo - Indians .

Malawi Washington Association ( MWA ) was established in 1994 and is the first association in the United States that was organized to promote and retain Malawi and Malawian culture amongst Malawi 's diaspora in the United States and Canada . It was founded by Peter Kapakasa , Stafford Chipungu , Jonathan Kamkwalala , and the late Henri Nsanjama . It is a non - political , non - ethnic organization that works to build community amongst the growing number of Malawians in the diaspora . It also works as a social support system to Malawians in the diaspora in order to instill and promote the Malawian values of umunthu . It supports Malawians in the diaspora in various ways whom are living in the United States , including Malawian - Americans and Malawian citizens living in the U.S. It serves to create Malawian identity amongst Malawian - Americans and Malawians in the DC area . This includes hosting social events for a number of Malawians in the diaspora . It works with a number of organization in the DC area and abroad in order to promote Malawian culture and Malawian values and to act as a resource of information on Malawi . As the first organization for Malawians living in the diaspora in the United States , and one of the first organizations for the Malawian diaspora in the world , it has served as a blueprint for other Malawian organizations in the Malawian diaspora to organize in Indiana , Texas , New England and in England . It has also consulted with other Malawian organizations in starting up in the Malawian Diaspora .

Popstars Live was an Australian talent quest television program similar to Australian Idol that aired on the Seven Network in early 2004 . It was an evolution of the original Popstars series which aired between 2000 and 2002 on Seven . The show spawned a single and album that made the ARIA charts in April that year . Popstars Live premiered on the Seven Network in February 2004 . It was scheduled to run for 16 weeks and was originally slated to air on Sunday and Wednesday nights . During its short run Popstars Live had a troubled history , with two key personnel , Christine Anu and John Paul Young , leaving the program in April 2004 while others have publicly expressed their own concerns about the show . The show was also a ratings failure .

Leda and the Swan is a story and subject in art from Greek mythology in which the god Zeus , in the form of a swan , rapes Leda . According to later Greek mythology , Leda bore Helen and Polydeuces , children of Zeus , while at the same time bearing Castor and Clytemnestra , children of her husband Tyndareus , the King of Sparta . In the W. B. Yeats version , it is subtly suggested that Clytemnestra , although being the daughter of Tyndareus , has somehow been traumatized by what the swan has done to her mother ( see below ) . According to many versions of the story , Zeus took the form of a swan and seduced Leda on the same night she slept with her husband King Tyndareus . In some versions , she laid two eggs from which the children hatched . In other versions , Helen is a daughter of Nemesis , the goddess who personified the disaster that awaited those suffering from the pride of Hubris . The subject was rarely seen in the large - scale sculpture of antiquity , although a representation of Leda in sculpture has been attributed in modern times to Timotheus ( compare illustration , below left ) ; small - scale sculptures survive showing both reclining and standing poses , in cameos and engraved gems , rings , and terracotta oil lamps . Thanks to the literary renditions of Ovid and Fulgentius it was a well - known myth through the Middle Ages , but emerged more prominently as a classicizing theme , with erotic overtones , in the Italian Renaissance .

The Victorian Gay and Lesbian Rights Lobby ( VGLRL ) is the peak lobby group in Victoria , Australia for the attainment of equality , human rights and social justice for the entire Gay , Lesbian , Bisexual , Transgender and Intersex ( GLBTI ) community . VGLRL was created in October 1997 , following presentation of a report to a public meeting which proposed a model for a Victorian Gay and Lesbian Rights Lobby . This model was accepted , and 21 days later the Lobby held its first annual general meeting , elected a management committee , adopted the rules of association , and began the process of incorporation . VGLRL has worked on a variety of issues such as domestic partnerships , access to in vitro fertilisation and adoption , and an end to homophobic violence . In 2009 , it criticized the application of the instruction Concerning the Criteria for the Discernment of Vocations with regard to Persons with Homosexual Tendencies in view of their Admission to the Seminary and to Holy Orders in Australian dioceses . VGLRL also initiated the national Equal Love campaign , in an effort to win marriage rights for Australian gay and lesbian couples .

Colonel Henry Archdale Tomkinson ( 1881 – 21 January 1937 ) was a British Army officer and polo champion . He was captain of the team that won the 1914 and 1921 International Polo Cup . In 1927 he was the team manager for the International Polo Cup game . Tomkinson was commissioned a second lieutenant in the 1st ( Royal ) Dragoons on 8 January 1901 , and promoted to lieutenant on 27 June 1901 . He served with his regiment in South Africa during the Second Boer War . Following the end of the war , he left South Africa with other officers and men of the regiment on the SS Kildonan Castle , which arrived at Southampton in October 1902 . He later advanced to colonel in the British army . He died on 21 January 1937 .

Nord - Herøy ( ) is an island in the municipality of Herøy in Nordland county , Norway . With an area of , it is the largest island in the municipality . To the southwest lies Herøysundet ( Herøy Strait ) , which is crossed by the Herøysund Bridge and Norwegian County Road 828 to Sør - Herøy . To the southeast lies Alsten Fjord ( Alstenfjorden ) and Alsten in the municipality of Alstahaug . To the east - northeast lies the island of Hjartøya , and to the north Dønnessundet ( Dønna Strait ) and the island of Dønna . To the northwest is the island of Hestøya , with bridge connections to Indre Øksningan , Ytre Øksningan , Staulen , and Seløy , and to the Åkviksundet Bridge to Dønna . The municipal seat , Silvalen , is located on the island along Herøysundet .

Abdullah Abdulqadirakhun is an Uyghur refugee , who was held for more than seven years in Guantanamo Bay detention camps , in Cuba . The Department of Defense reports that Abdulqadirakhum was born on June 18 , 1979 , in Xinjiang China and assigned him the Internment Serial Number 285 . Abdulqadirakhun was one of the 22 Uighurs held in Guantanamo . It was later learned that he was innocent of the claims against him . He won his habeas corpus in 2008 . Judge Ricardo Urbina declared his detention as unlawful and ordered to set him free in the United States . He was sent to Bermuda in June 2009 together with three other Uyghurs , Abdul Helil Mamut , Huzaifa Parhat and Emam Abdulahat , on June 11 , 2009 .

Bankikodla - Hanehalli ( Kannada ) ( Yashwant Chittal 's ಹನೇಹಳಎಂಬ ಜಗತ್ತು ) are twin neighbouring villages in a valley in Uttara Kannada district in the south western section of the Indian state of Karnataka . Just to the north of the village , the Gangavali River joins the Arabian Sea . The town of Gokarna is just to the south of the village . The surrounding Sahyadri Mountains hug the Arabian sea with open fields providing recreational opportunities for the locals . It has creeks and shallow ponds and bridges , which are vulnerable in the rainy seasons . For religious or spiritual people , there are temples , church and a Masjid to worship in . During British rule in India , the Chitrapur Saraswat Brahmins built Anandashram High School ( 1884 ) for their children , but a majority of them eventually moved out to Mumbai . The younger population is now moving out of the village and the older generations , especially the retired communities , have started coming back to the village .

Heinrich Rudolf Hildebrand ( 13 March 1824 – 28 October 1894 ) was a Germanist , contributor to , and then , editor of the Grimm brothers ' Deutsches Wörterbuch . He also wrote on the history of German folksongs , and on the teaching of the German language in schools . Rudolf Hildebrand was born in Leipzig to typesetter Heinrich Hildebrand and Amalia , born Porges . He attended the Thomasschule in Leipzig from 1836 to 1843 . He went on to study at Leipzig University , where he first studied theology as his father wished him to , but soon switched to classical and German philology . Among his teachers were Moritz Haupt . He wrote his main thesis about Walther von der Vogelweide , which was later published in 1900 . In 1848 , he worked for a time as reviewer and translator of the Deutsche Allgemeine Zeitung and was considering a career as a publisher . However , the same year , he started working as a teacher at the Thomasschule from 1848 and remained there to 1868 . He became professor of newer German language and literature at the University of Leipzig in 1869 ( " außerordentlicher Professor " from 1869 , " ordentlicher Professor " from 1874 ) .

The Seventh Five - Year Plans for National Economy of Pakistan , otherwise known as Seventh Plan , were a set of a highly centralized and planned economic development targets designed for the improvement of the standard of living , and overall strengthening of gross domestic product ( GDP ) growth in Pakistan , between the period of 1988 until its termination in 1993 . The seventh plan was drafted and presented by the Ministry of Finance ( MoF ) , led by then popularly elected Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto , at the Parliament in 1988 . The plan was studied by the Economic Coordination Committee ( ECC ) and resources were gathered to be allocated by the Planning Commission . The seventh plan was an integral part of Bhutto 's social capitalist policies implementation and was also integrated with the nationalization programme of former Prime Minister Zulfikar Ali Bhutto . The plan emphasized macroeconomics principles and was intended to support the development of the agricultural and electricity sectors in Pakistan in order to keep up the GDP growth rate , which at that time was 6.6%— one of the highest in the world . Under this plan , science policy was further expanded to integrate academic scientific development into national development plans . The seventh plan also took initiatives to revive deregulation of the corporate sector but did not privatize the sector into private - ownership management . Unlike the sixth plan , not all targets were met and goals were not sufficiently fulfilled . Only the agricultural and scientific development aspects of the plans were continued whilst all major initiatives were cancelled by the upcoming Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif who replaced the programme with an intensified privatization programme , launched in 1991 .

Comal County ( ) is a county located on the Edwards Plateau in the U.S. state of Texas . As of the 2010 census , its population was 108,472 . Its county seat is New Braunfels . Comal County is part of the San Antonio - New Braunfels , TX Metropolitan Statistical Area . Along with Hays and Kendall counties , Comal was listed in 2017 of the nation 's ten fastest - growing large counties with a population of at least ten thousand . In 2017 , Comal County , was second on the list , it grew grew by 5,675 newcomers , or 4.4 percent from 2015 to 2016 . Kendall County was the second - fastest - growing county in the nation in 2015 to 2016 , grew by 5.16 percent . Hays County , third on the national list , had nearly ten thousand new residents during the year . As a result of this growth , the counties have experienced new home construction , traffic congestion , and greater demand for public services . Bexar County , which includes San Antonio , grew by 1.75 percent during the year , but its sheer number of new residents exceeded 33,000 .

Ilaria Alpi ( May 24 , 1961 in Rome – March 20 , 1994 in Mogadishu ) was an Italian journalist killed in Mogadishu , Somalia together with her camera operator Miran Hrovatin . In 2009 Francesco Fonti , a former ' Ndrangheta member , claimed that Ilaria Alpi and her cameraman were murdered because they had seen toxic waste shipped by the ' Ndrangheta arrive in Bosaso , Somalia . At the time of her murder , she was following a case of weapon and illegal toxic waste traffic in which she believed also the Italian Army and other institutions were involved . Alpi was born in Rome and worked for Italian public television broadcaster RAI . In the 2002 movie Ilaria Alpi - Il più crudele dei giorni , directed by Ferdinando Vincentini Ornagni , she is portrayed by Giovanna Mezzogiorno .

Bloeme Evers - Emden (; 26 July 1926 – 18 July 2016 ) was a Dutch Jewish teacher and child psychologist who extensively researched the phenomenon of " hidden children " during World War II and wrote four books on the subject in the 1990s . Her interest in the topic grew out of her own experiences during World War II , when she was forced to go into hiding from the Nazis and was subsequently arrested and deported to Auschwitz on the last transport leaving the Westerbork transit camp on 3 September 1944 . Together with her on the train were Anne Frank and her family , whom she had known in Amsterdam . She was liberated on 8 May 1945 . In the 1980s , Evers - Emden earned a doctorate in developmental psychology and began interviewing and writing about the phenomenon of " hidden children " from the points of view of the children , their biological parents , their non - Jewish foster parents , and their non - Jewish foster siblings . She was also interviewed for several television documentaries on her remembrances of Anne Frank and her family before they went into hiding and after they were sent to Auschwitz .

Emma Trott ( born 24 December 1989 ) is a retired English racing cyclist from Cheshunt , currently based in Christchurch , New Zealand . She rode for the Dutch women 's professional team Dolmans - Boels from the 2012 to the 2014 season . On 10 May 2014 , Trott announced she would retire from road racing after the final stage of the Friends Life Women ’s Tour the following day . She became a personal trainer and cycling coach in New Zealand before returning to the UK to join the coaching team for British Cycling 's women 's academy programme from November 2018 . She is the older sister of fellow cyclist and Olympic Gold medalist Laura Trott , and the long term partner of New Zealand road racing cyclist Linda Villumsen .

" Beware " is a song by American hip hop recording artist Big Sean taken from his second studio album Hall of Fame ( 2013 ) . " Beware " was released on June 25 , 2013 , as the album 's third single , through GOOD and Def Jam . The song was written by Sean Anderson , Dwayne Carter , Dwane Weir II , and Alexander Izquierdo , while production was handled by frequent collaborator Key Wane and Mike Dean and features guest appearances from rapper Lil Wayne and singer Jhené Aiko . Musically " Beware " is a hip hop song , backed by " poppy " and " head - bobbing " production , with lyrics that revolve around themes of infidelity and breaking up . Upon release " Beware " was met with generally positive reviews from music critics ; who praised the song 's musical direction and the inclusion of Jhene Aiko . Commercially the song fared well reaching the top forty of US Billboard Hot 100 and the top ten of the US Hot R&B;/Hip - Hop Songs chart , since its release the song has been certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America . An accompanying music video was directed by Matthew Williams and premiered on August 16 , 2013 , on Vevo , the video was later named one of " The 15 Best Hip - Hop Videos Of The Summer " by XXL . To further promote the song Sean performed at live on various inclusion including Jimmy Kimmel Live and the Hustle After Party .

Rachel 's Challenge is an organization in the United States that works to reduce violence . It is a non - religious , non - profit , non - political organization , led by Darrell Scott and his wife Sandy . Rachel Scott was the first student killed in the Columbine High School shooting in 1999 . Darrell Scott , Rachel 's father , established Rachel 's Challenge to perpetuate his daughter 's example and the two - page " Code of Ethics " she wrote a month before her death at the hands of the perpetrators of the Columbine High School shooting , Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold . This code of ethics had included the words : " Compassion is the greatest form of love humans have to offer " , and Darrell Scott has stated his belief in this message forms the basis for what he both speaks at public appearances , and has written as an author . The Rachel ’s Challenge presentations are given in schools and communities by members of her family and other speakers , using video footage of the Columbine High School massacre and its aftermath , combined with Rachel Scott ’s drawings and writings , in a campaign to quell school violence , bullying , and teen suicide . As of 2009 , Rachel 's Challenge has developed a team of 30 speakers addressing young people in schools and colleges worldwide about Rachel 's example . The Rachel 's Challenge program includes establishing Friends of Rachel clubs in schools , following the initial presentation , to sustain the campaign 's goals on a long - term basis . Schools around the country have incorporated Rachel 's challenge into their own clubs bringing the message to their students .

" Let 's Get Back to Bed – Boy ! " is a song by German recording artist Sarah Connor . Written and produced by frequent collaborative duo Rob Tyger and Kay Denar , it features American R&B ; singer TQ . Conceived for Connor 's debut album , Green Eyed Soul ( 2001 ) , the midtempo contemporary R&B ; track is built around a mandoline sample and scratching hip hop beats , over which Connor , as the female protagonist , adopts sensual vocals and expresses her desire to make love with her man , inviting him to her bed . The song was released as the album 's lead single in German - speaking Europe on 7 May 2001 . Its impact on the charts was large for a debut single ; it reached the top ten in Germany , Austria and Switzerland and the top twenty in the United Kingdom and Norway . " Let 's Get Back to Bed – Boy ! " was nominated for Best National Single – Rock / Pop at the 2002 ECHO Awards , and received gold certifications from the German and Austrian arms of the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry .

Jean - Louis Prévost ( May 12 , 1838 - September 12 , 1927 ) was a Swiss neurologist and physiologist who was a native of Geneva . He studied at Zurich , Berlin and Vienna , and in 1864 became an interne in Paris under Alfred Vulpian ( 1826 – 1887 ) . After earning his medical doctorate at Paris in 1868 , he returned to his hometown of Geneva , where he maintained a laboratory with Augustus Volney Waller ( 1816 – 1870 ) . In 1876 he became a professor of therapy at the University of Geneva , and in 1897 succeeded Moritz Schiff ( 1823 – 1896 ) as professor of physiology , a position he held until 1913 . Two of his better known students at Geneva were Joseph Jules Dejerine ( 1849 – 1917 ) and Paul Charles Dubois ( 1848 – 1918 ) . Prévost is credited with introducing modern medical physiological practices at Geneva , and was the author of over sixty books and articles . While still a student , he co - authored with Jules Cotard ( 1840 – 1887 ) , a work on cerebral softening called Etudes physiologiques et pathologiques sur le ramollissment cérébral . With Jacques - Louis Reverdin ( 1848 – 1929 ) and Constant - Edouard Picot ( 1844 – 1931 ) , he founded the journal Revue médicale de la Suisse .

Rinôçérôse ( stylized as rinôçérôse or « rinôçérôse » ) is a French band founded by Jean - Philippe Freu and Patrice Carrié that mixes rock music and electronic dance music . The duo of musicians also work as psychologists , calling themselves , " Psychologists by day , musicians by night " . They compose music in English , French , and German . They are based in Montpellier ( Occitanie ) . " Le Mobilier " was the single that established Rinôçérôse on the map of international dance music . The song " Cubicle " , from their album , Schizophonia , was featured on a television advertisement for Apple 's iTunes and iPod . Schizophonia marks a new turning point in the band 's music , with a more mainstream rock groove rather than a more ambient electronic sound . Schizophonia also contains an unprecedented amount of vocals compared to previous albums , in which lyrics are used extremely sparingly , or not at all . The band has released an eponymous greatest hits album , named Rinôçérôse ( only differentiated from their first album by the diacritics ) . Rinôçérôse contains hit singles such as " Bitch " , " Cubicle " , " Music Kills Me " , and " My Demons " . Rinôçérôse released their most recent album Futurinô in 2009 . Their song " La Guitaristic House Organisation " was featured in the soundtrack of the video game NHL 2000 by EA Sports .

Back for Good is the seventh album of Modern Talking released on 30 March 1998 after the unexpected reunion of the duo . The German duo 's seventh album was released after almost 11 years of absence . The album Back For Good is a collection of their previous hits which consists of 18 tracks , including four new songs , 13 previous hits in a redone format and 1 medley . Some of the earlier hits , however , were rehashed and arranged absolutely differently including " Lady Lai " and " Angie 's Heart " . Back for Good entered the number one position in Germany on 13 April 1998 and spent total of five weeks at the top , it eventually earned 5 gold - awards in Germany alone for selling over 1,250,000 units . The album Back For Good spent total of 54 weeks on the German album chart . Back for Good was also successful outside of Germany , topping the album charts of many other countries including Sweden , Finland , Norway , Switzerland and Austria . Back for Good eventually went on to sell over three million copies in Europe alone .

Acamarachi ( also known as Pili ) is a high volcano in northern Chile . In this part of Chile , it is the highest volcano . Its name means " black moon " . It is a volcano in the Central Volcanic Zone of the Andes , a zone of strong volcanic activity during the last million years . Old volcanoes in the area are well - preserved , due to the dry climate . Acamarachi itself is a cone - shaped volcano with steep upper flanks and a lava dome on its northern side . While there is no indication of historical activity and the flank lava flows are old , some lava flows around the summit crater and a lava coulee north of Acamarachi on the saddle between Acamarachi and Colachi volcano may be postglacial in age . Acamarachi is formed by andesitic and dacitic rocks . Acamarachi features an Inca mountain sanctuary on which several figurines have been found . One female figurine is made out of silver , a male one is made out of thorny oyster . Both of these figurines were found with miniature clothing .

The Jeli District ( Jawi : جلي , Chinese : 日里 ) is a district and a parliamentary constituency in western Kelantan , Malaysia . As of 2000 , the district 's population is estimated to be 42,882 . Jeli is administered by the Jeli District Council . Jeli is bordered by the state of Perak to the west , Thailand to the north , Tanah Merah district to the north east and Kuala Krai district to the south east . Most people in Jeli work as rubber tappers . The rubber plantations which belong to the local people also attract people from outside to come and work . Commonly families own a small plantation of up to in size . The history of Jeli began when the government encouraged the people around Kelantan to start a great area of agriculture . This process began with a period of land clearing , or logging .

Memorial Management District is a commercial district in the Memorial area of Houston , Texas , United States . Located along Interstate 10 ( Katy Freeway ) between Beltway 8 and Bunker Hill Road , the district is anchored by Memorial City Mall , the nation 's 38th - largest shopping mall ; Memorial Hermann Memorial City Medical Center ; CityCentre , a high - density mixed - use development ; and Town & Country Village , a shopping center . Large portions of Memorial City are owned by development firm MetroNational , which has developed in the area , including the entirety of the mall . Memorial Management District is a significant regional employment center with over of retail and of office space . The district 's businesses employ over 47,000 people . Memorial City Mall attracts approximately 20 million visitors per year . The district 's growing residential population houses over 4,400 people , largely concentrated in a series of high - density apartment complexes . The Texas Legislature created the Memorial Management District , a special governmental district which provides branding and infrastructure funding , in 1999 .

The Battle of Cologne was fought near the city of Köln ( English : Cologne ) ( now part of Germany ) in the year 716 . The battle is known chiefly as the first battle of Charles Martel 's command and is the only defeat of his life . In 716 , the king of the Franks , Chilperic II , and Ragenfrid , the mayor of the palace of Neustria , invaded Austrasia to impose their will on the competing factions there : those of Theudoald and Plectrude , grandson ( and designated heir ) and widow respectively of Martel 's father Pepin of Heristal , and those of Martel himself , newly escaped from Plectrude 's Cologne prison and acclaimed mayor of the palace of Austrasia . Simultaneously Radbod , King of Frisia invaded Austrasia and allied with the king and the Neustrians . Outside of Cologne , held by Plectrude , an ill - prepared Charles Martel was defeated by Radbod , and forced to flee to the mountains of the Eifel . Cologne fell after a short siege to the King Chilperic and the Neustrians . The Neustrians compelled Plectrude to acknowledge as king Chilperic , the son of Childeric II , having taken this Merovingian from the seclusion of the cloister , where he lived the name of Daniel . Once in the mountains of the Eifel , Charles began to rally his supporters , and in short order was ready to do battle . He fell on the army of Chilperic II , and at the Battle of Amblève near Ameland as they returned triumphantly from Cologne , and crushed their army . He remained undefeated thereafter for the next twenty - five years .

Habib Tengour ( born March 29 , 1947 ) is a French - Algerian poet , sociologist and anthropologist . He was born in Mostaganem in eastern Algeria in 1947 . The Tengour family moved to France when Habib was five years old , and he grew up there in a working - class household . He studied sociology in France and continued his studies in Algeria at Constantine University . Although his work draws heavily on various aspects of Algerian culture and tradition , Tengour writes mainly in French . His first published work was a book of surrealist poetry Tapapakitaques ou la poésie - île ( 1976 ) . His principal translator in English is Pierre Joris , professor at the University of Albany . Tengour lives in Paris and Constantine .

Jacques Brown ( first name pronounced " Jakes " ) ( 23 August 1900 – 3 April 1975 ) was a British radio producer . He produced Much - Binding - in - the - Marsh , The Goon Show , Beyond Our Ken and others for BBC Radio . He was born Solomon Jacob Brown in Toxteth Park , Liverpool . A trumpet player in his youth , he had many stories to tell of being a jobbing musician in London in the 1920s . He performed in a number of minor acting roles before becoming a producer . After retiring from the BBC to nurse his wife , who was seriously ill with cancer from which she later died , he helped his brother - in - law with his cake decorating business until his death , and the business folded after the postal workers strike of 1971 . He retired to Hampshire where he lived with an old friend , Mrs. W. I. Dismore , herself a widow , until his death , caused by complications after a car accident , on 3 April 1975 .

Boating on the River Epte ( also known as The Canoe on the Epte ) is an 1890 oil painting by French impressionist artist Claude Monet . It is currently housed at the São Paulo Museum of Art . Between 1887 and 1890 Monet concerned himself with portraying scenes from the River Epte , which bathed this property at Giverny . The sisters Suzanne and Blanche Hoschedé posed for this series of pictures , their late father being banker Ernest Hoschedé , a patron of the arts and collector of Monet , and their mother , Alice , who became Monet ’s second wife . This series began with La Barque Rose ( private collection ) and also worthy of mention are canvases La Barque à Giverny ( Musée d'Orsay , Paris ) and En Barque ( National Museum of Western Art , Tokyo ) . The São Paulo Museum of Art picture , which also has a preparatory study , was mentioned by the artist himself on a letter to critic and friend Geffroy , dated June 22 , 1890 : “ I am again vexed by things that are impossible to do : water with undulating vegetation on the bottom ” . In fact one of the more singular characteristics of The Canoe on the Epte in the Monet context is the proximity of the water , which assumes at the lower part of the composition an almost tactile reality , as if the painter for once did not want to depict the luminous reflections of its surface , but its depth . Although it belongs to a series , the masp work is in this particular a unique case . Monet here announces materiality , and it is necessary to remember that this new visual dimension of water will only be obtained again over thirty years later in his paintings of the 1918 - 1924 period . His friendship with photographer Nadar and his genuine interest in photography explain the framing of the composition as well as the out - of - focus effect produced by the movement of the boat on the water to be seen in the Hoschedé sisters . In addition , a possible source of the São Paulo Museum of Art composition , as has been detected , is the Harunobu engraving , titled Woman Collecting Lotus Flowers .

Kenneth Hsien - yung Pai ( ) , born July 11 , 1937 ) is a Taiwanese writer who has been described as a " melancholy pioneer . " He was born in Guilin , Guangxi , China at the cusp of both the Second Sino - Japanese War and subsequent Chinese Civil War . Pai 's father was the famous Kuomintang ( KMT ) general Bai Chongxi ( Pai Chung - hsi ) , whom he later described as a " stern , Confucian father " with " some soft spots in his heart . " Pai was diagnosed with tuberculosis at the age of seven , during which time he would have to live in a separate house from his siblings ( of which he would have a total of nine ) . He lived with his family in Chongqing , Shanghai , and Nanjing before moving to the British - controlled Hong Kong in 1948 as CPC forces turned the tide of the Chinese Civil War . In 1952 , Pai and his family resettled in Taiwan , where the KMT had relocated the Republic of China after defeat by the Communists in 1949 .

Henry Dalziel , VC ( 18 February 1893 – 24 July 1965 ) was an Australian recipient of the Victoria Cross ( VC ) , the highest award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces . He was awarded the VC while serving with the Australian Imperial Force during the First World War . Dalziel 's VC was the 1,000th awarded . After the war , Dalziel returned to Australia and tried to make a living by farming . Troubled by the injuries he sustained during the war , he left the land and took up factory work . He moved between jobs several times during the 1930s , and led something of a transient lifestyle , even at one stage turning to gold prospecting . In the mid-1930s he rejoined the army in a part - time capacity and during the Second World War served in a training role in Australia . He died in 1965 at the age of 72 .

Elaine Marley – Threepwood is a fictional character in the Monkey Island series of graphic adventure video games . Created by Ron Gilbert for LucasArts , the character first appears in The Secret of Monkey Island and is one of the core characters in the franchise . Originally conceived as a ruthless island governor , the character evolved during development into the protagonist 's love interest . While the first two games in the series did not feature voice acting , Elaine was voiced by Alexandra Boyd in The Curse of Monkey Island and by Charity James in Escape from Monkey Island ; Boyd would reprise the role for later entries in the franchise . Elaine is the governor of the Tri - Island Area , a fictional group of pirate islands in the Caribbean . She is loved by the undead pirate LeChuck , who never ceases to pursue her affections and attempts to turn her into his undead bride , but Elaine instead falls in love with hapless protagonist Guybrush Threepwood . Elaine is consistently kidnapped by LeChuck , prompting Guybrush to attempt a rescue , although Elaine is usually more than capable of escaping predicaments by herself . She eventually marries Guybrush and relinquishes her gubernatorial responsibilities to her grandfather , travelling with Guybrush to the fictional Gulf of Melange to cure the outbreak of a voodoo - empowered pox . The character has enjoyed positive critical reception . Several sources commended Elaine 's aberration of the damsel in distress stereotype . Elaine has been ranked on a number of lists regarding the best female characters in the video game industry , and has received praise for her visual design and resilient personality . Critics have also complimented Boyd 's and James ' voice acting for the character in the later installments of the series , though some expressed disappointment at the character 's reduced lines in The Curse of Monkey Island .

Yes for Europe is the Brussels - based European Confederation of Young Entrepreneurs founded in 1988 to represent young entrepreneurs in Europe . The Confederation has one member per European Country , which is a representative national association of entrepreneurs below the age of 40 . Yes for Europe was launched in 1988 by seven national groups of young entrepreneurs in order to face the challenges resulting from the ratification of the Single European Act in July 1987 . Young entrepreneurs from Austria , France , Germany , Greece , Italy , Portugal as well as from Japan and met in Capri , Italy , during the National Convention of Confindustria Giovani Imprenditori to sign the “ International Young Entrepreneurs Charter ” , the so - called “ Capri Charter ” which established the fundamental principles for the future cooperation . Yes for Europe represents the European Union to a number of international young entrepreneurs organizations including the G20 Young Entrepreneurs Alliance and the Allied for Startups advocacy group .

Fabrizio D'Aloia ( Benevento , February 17 , 1964 ) is an Italian engineer , founder of Microgame . In 1982 , after completing high school , began working as a programmer for M.Data System . From 1984 to 1989 , is a consultant for SIED Informatica , then for SOFT.Lab ( 1989 – 2006 ) . In 1993 , he graduates in Electronic engineering , oriented to Computer science , at University of Naples Federico II . Subsequently , he got a master 's degree in Information Technology at New York University . In 1996 , he founds Microgame . In December 2012 he resigned from CEO of Microgame , and in March 2013 he ceased to be Chairman . In 1999 , wins Premio Marrama as one of the best young entrepreneurs in Campania . Microgame is now leader in online poker and online sports betting markets .

Anatoly Fedorovich Koni ( Russian : Анато́лий Фёдорович Ко́ни , 1844 – 1927 ) was a Russian jurist , judge , politician and writer . He was the most politically influential jurist of the late Russian Empire and a leading Russian liberal . Anatoly Koni was the son of the noted dramatist Fyodor Koni . Among the public offices Koni held was prosecutor at the district court of Kharkiv since 1867 , vice director of the Ministry of Justice since 1875 , presiding judge of the district court of Saint Petersburg since 1878 , and member of the State Council since 1907 . He taught at the Imperial School of Law and at the University of Saint Petersburg . Koni led the investigation into the 1888 Borki train disaster and presided over the 1878 jury trial against the revolutionary and attempted assassin Vera Zasulich . As a jurist , Konin was instrumental in liberalizing Russian criminal law , notably in the form of the revised criminal code of 1903 . As a member of several reform commissions , he defended judicial independence and the trial by jury . Due to his influence , prison sentences were reduced and special establishments for juvenile criminals were introduced towards the end of the 19th century . While he supported the liberals ' call for a constitutional order in Russia , he declined an appointment as Minister of Justice in the government of Pyotr Stolypin in 1906 . As a writer , Koni composed poems , works of literary criticism and multiple volumes of memoirs .

" Mr. Hankey , the Christmas Poo " is the ninth episode of the first season of the American animated television series South Park . It originally aired on Comedy Central in the United States on December 17 , 1997 . In the episode , the Jewish character Kyle feels excluded from the town 's celebrations during Christmas , and is comforted by Mr. Hankey , a talking and singing lump of feces wearing a red hat . Mr. Hankey does not come alive in the presence of other characters , so they think that Kyle is delusional . In another plot strand , the townspeople remove all religious aspects of Christmas from South Park to remain politically correct and inoffensive . The episode was written and directed by the series ' co - creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone . The Mr. Hankey character was based on an idea from Parker 's childhood ; when Parker and Stone conceived the South Park series , they wanted to make Mr. Hankey the lead character . Heavily influenced by the Peanuts Christmas special A Charlie Brown Christmas from 1965 , " Mr. Hankey , the Christmas Poo " was the first Christmas - themed South Park episode , the first musical episode , and the only episode in season one ( and therefore the first time in the series ) in which Kenny does not die . It was a satire of political correctness and religious sensitivity . The episode received generally positive reviews and has been described as one of the classic South Park episodes . It was viewed in about 4.5 million households during its original broadcast , the highest Nielsen rating to that date for South Park and the fourth - highest overall for a basic cable entertainment program of 1997 . In addition to Mr. Hankey himself , the episode introduced the popular South Park songs " A Lonely Jew on Christmas " and " Kyle 's Mom is a Big Fat Bitch " . John Kricfalusi , the creator of The Ren & Stimpy Show , accused Parker and Stone of stealing the idea for Mr. Hankey from him , which the duo vehemently denied .

Subin Bhattarai ( born 5 November 1982 ) is a Nepali author and Columnist . Bhattarai 's novel Summer Love was the trendsetter and popular among youths . Summer Love was Bhattarai 's second book and first novel . His first book was an anthology of short stories , namely KathakiPaatra . The plot of Summer Love concerns college students at the Central Department of Environmental Science ( CDES ) at Tribhuban University falling in love . It was a best selling book in Nepal with in excess of 40,000 copies sold , and one of the best - selling books in the country for the year . A year later a sequel titled Saaya was released in September 2014 . which concerns how the misunderstanding in Summer Love cleared and how they convince their family . It was a best selling book in Nepal and it was reprinted in the same month August , and was one of the best - selling books in the country for the year . The book was launched by actresses Garima Panta and Keki Adhikari and author Bhattarai himself at Nepal Academy , Kamaladi where there were thousand of fans .

John Galt ( ) is a character in Ayn Rand 's novel Atlas Shrugged ( 1957 ) . Although he is not identified by name until the last third of the novel , he is the object of its often - repeated question " Who is John Galt ? " and of the quest to discover the answer . Also , in the later part it becomes clear that Galt had been present in the book 's plot all along , playing several important roles though not identified by name . As the plot unfolds , Galt is acknowledged to be a philosopher and inventor ; he believes in the power and glory of the human mind , and the rights of individuals to use their minds solely for themselves . He serves as a highly individualistic counterpoint to the collectivist social and economic structure depicted in the novel , in which society is based on oppressive bureaucratic functionaries and a culture that embraces mediocrity in the name of egalitarianism , which the novel posits is the end result of collectivist philosophy .

Islam is the largest religion in Sudan , and Muslims have dominated national government institutions since independence in 1956 . According to UNDP Sudan , the Muslim population is 97 % , including numerous Arab and non - Arab groups . The remaining 3 % ascribe to either Christianity or traditional animist religions . Muslims predominate in all but Nuba Mountains region . The vast majority of Muslims in Sudan adhere to Sunni Islam of Maliki school of jurisprudence , deeply influenced with Sufism , making Sudan one of the most tolerant Muslim majority countries in the world . There are also some Shia communities in Khartoum , the capital . The most significant divisions occur along the lines of the Sufi brotherhoods . Two popular brotherhoods , the Ansar and the Khatmia , are associated with the opposition Umma and Democratic Unionist Parties respectively . Only the Darfur region is traditionally lacking the presence of Sufi brotherhoods found in the rest of the country . Shari'a law has been installed by various military regimes , and its application to non - Muslims in the capital was a contentious issue during the negotiations , but it and the other major issues underlying the north / south conflict have been largely resolved in the agreements [ citation needed ] . Shari'a is to continue to be the basis of the national legal system as it applies in the north ; national legislation applicable to the south is to be based on " popular consensus , the values , and the customs of the people . " In states or regions where a majority hold different religious or customary beliefs than those on which the legal system is based , the national laws may be amended to accord better with such beliefs . Throughout the country , the application of Shari'a to non - Muslims is to be limited , and courts may not exercise their discretion to impose the harsher physical forms of Shari'a penalties on non - Muslims . Sudan has had three democratic governments since 1956 , all of which abolished Shari'a law .

Klahhane Ridge is located just to the south of Port Angeles , Washington , USA near Hurricane Ridge in the Olympic National Park . The ridge is accessible by a variety of hiking trails and offers views of the Olympic Mountains and the Strait of Juan de Fuca . On October 17 , 2010 a mountain goat attacked and killed Robert H. Boardman . Boardman had been hiking with his wife and friends , when an aggressive mountain goat approached . Boardman told the rest of his party to move down the trail while he tried to scare the goat away . His companions heard a loud yell and when they investigated the found Boardman on the ground with the aggressive goat nearby . Boardman had been gored in the thigh . A coast guard helicopter transported Boardman to Olympic Medical Center where he was pronounced deceased . The goat in question had been reported as being aggressive and the National Park Service had been keeping tabs on it . The goat was later shot by park employees and submitted for necropsy .

Yousef Mangoush , born in Benghazi , Cyrenaica , Libya , in 1950 , is a Major General . He was named as the Chief of Staff of the Libyan Ground Forces on 2 January 2012 , Mangoush served in the Libyan army under the Gaddafi government and retired in 1999 at the rank of Colonel . He had been a special forces commander in the Libyan Army prior to his retirement . Mangush was the deputy defense minister in the interim government of Prime Minister Abdurrahim El - Keib . Mangoush joined the rebel forces in February 2011 during the Libyan conflict which toppled Muammar Gaddafi , Mangush was arrested in the oil town of Brega in April by Gaddafi 's forces and freed in late August following the fall of Tripoli .

The First Baptist Church of Tarrytown is located on South Broadway ( U.S. Route 9 ) in Tarrytown , New York , United States . It is a stone building in the Victorian Gothic architectural style dating to the 1870s . In 1983 it and its rectory were listed on the National Register of Historic Places . Congregants first met in the 1840s . The first church on the present site was erected in 1847 . A quarter - century later Russell Sturgis was commissioned to design the present structure , which took five years to complete , including a detailed Gothic interior . It signaled Tarrytown 's development as a suburb , especially after John D. Rockefeller and members of his family moved to the village and joined the church . They made possible some of its later enhancements , such as its landscaping and rectory , both added later .

Larisons Corners is an unincorporated community located along the border of East Amwell and Raritan townships in Hunterdon County , New Jersey , United States . Its location is at the corner of Old York Road and where New Jersey Route 30 split from Old York Road and headed north towards Flemington . Today , Old York Road is a part of Route 179 to the southwest and County Route 514/Amwell Road northeast of the point . U.S. Route 202 and Route 31 comprise the main road to Flemington though the highway was built on a new alignment to the south of this point after US 202 bypassed Ringoes in the 1960s . A gas station and some small businesses line US 202 in the area and some churches , Larison 's Corner Cemetery , and houses make up the remainder of the area .

The Palace of Longoria ( Spanish : Palacio de Longoria ) is an Art Nouveau palace that the politician and financier Francisco Javier González Longoria ordered to be built in the district of Chueca , at the corner of Fernando VI and Pelayo streets , in the city of Madrid , Spain . Together with the House of Gallardo ( Spanish : Casa Gallardo ) in the Plaza de España , it is Madrid 's most notable example of modernist architecture . Longoria contracted the Catalán architect José Grases Riera to design and build it in 1902.It was declared Bien de Interés Cultural in 1996 and is currently the headquarters of the Spanish General Society of Authors and Editors ( Spanish : Sociedad General de Autores y Editores SGAE ) .

Amanieu VIII ( sometimes VII ) ( died 1326 ) was the Lord of Albret from 1298 until his death ; the son of Amanieu VII . He was an ally of the English and sat on the King 's Council during the reigns of Edward I and Edward II of England . As a relative of the Plantagenets and of the sitting pope ( Martin IV ) and one of the most powerful lords in Gascony , he was the recipient of conspicuous royal largesse . In 1286 Amanieu ended a long private war with Jean Ferrars , the English seneschal of Gascony , in return for 20,000 livres tournois from Edward I. His son Bernard Ezi IV succeeded him in Albret and on the Council . Amanieu used the French occupation of Aquitaine during the war between Edward I and Philip IV of France from 1294 to 1303 to expand his own authority at the expense of the ducal administration . Between 1310 and 1324 he continued to increase his independence from the English government in Bordeaux by appealing a successive number of sometimes trivial quarrels before the Parlement of Paris . In 1324 he completed his defection from the English cause by joining the French during the short War of Saint - Sardos

The Aarhus Theatre ( Danish : Aarhus Teater ) in Aarhus , is the largest provincial theatre in Denmark . The present theatre house was constructed in the late 19th century , as a replacement for the old theatre , nicknamed " Svedekassen " ( The Sweat - box ) . Since Aarhus had grown to become Jutland 's biggest city during the 19th century , the old theatre had become too small to serve the public demand . A new building was designed by the Danish architect Hack Kampmann ( 1856 – 1920 ) , and the construction began on 12 August 1898 . Only two years later , Aarhus Theatre stood completed and was inaugurated on 15 September 1900 . The architectural style of the building is Art Nouveau , with the national romantic emphasis on natural materials , and the interior design was completed by artists Hansen Reistrup and Hans Tegner . In 2007 , the Aarhus Theatre received an audio make - over .

Wildlife Warriors ( subtitled It 's Time ) is a compilation album by Australian country music artist John Williamson . The album was released in November 2006 following the death of Steve Irwin and contains important environmental songs ; many of which inspirations to Irwin . A$ 1 from each sale was donated to the Wildlife Warriors conservation foundation , a charity founded by Steve and Terri Irwin . Williamson said " [ Steve ] was a loud , proud Aussie who promoted the wonders of our ancient land with incredible enthusiasm . So if my new CD helps raise more awareness for the Wildlife Warriors ' cause , that 's great ! " The album includes two live recording from Irwin 's memorial . The album , peaked at number 78 on the ARIA Charts . The album was supported with a " Wildlife Warrior Tour " across Australia in 2007 .

Jean - Michel Emmanuel Salanskis ( born April 5 , 1951 in Paris ) is a French philosopher and mathematician , professor of science and philosophy at the University of Paris X Nanterre . Originally gaining a Diplôme d'études approfondies in pure mathematics he went on to study philosophy with Luis Puig and Jean - Francois Lyotard from 1974 to 1983 . In 1986 he completed a doctoral dissertation on Le continu et le discret ( the continuous and the discrete ) . He is an important interpreter of continental philosophers such as Jacques Derrida , Emmanuel Levinas , Edmund Husserl , Martin Heidegger , and Gilles Deleuze , and he has published widely in English and French . He has also written about Judaism and the philosophy of mathematics . In his book La gauche et l'égalité he argues that the left is structured by a “ critique of power taking the form of a critique of man ’s humiliation at the hands of transcendence " ( p.   22 ) , and that it is therefore necessary " to eliminate entirely the communist episode from the left , ” for this episode partakes of the crushing of the people by one man who can “ become the keystone of the world , restoring the attributes and the aura of royalty " ( p.   37 ) . In his 2010 book Derrida , he presents the philosophy of Jacques Derrida in an accessible manner for the lay reader , showing how Derrida 's work related to the fields of psychoanalysis , radical politics , and literature . In Les temps du sens he embarks on a project to devise a mathematical hermeneutics that can be applied to fields such as philosophy of science , cognitive sciences and philosophy of religion .

Brian Warsop ( 12 January 1904 – 18 March 1993 ) was an English cricketer . Warsop was a right - handed batsman who bowled slow left - arm orthodox . He was born at Willesden , Middlesex . Warsop made his first - class debut for Essex in the 1931 County Championship against Northamptonshire . He made four further first - class appearances for the county , all of which came in the 1932 County Championship , with the last coming against Leicestershire . In his five appearances he scored 128 runs at an average of 16.00 , with a high score of 51 . This score , which was his only first - class fifty , came against Warwickshire in 1932 . He died in Melbourne , Australia on 18 March 1993 .

The Arikaree Breaks are badlands in northwest Kansas . They form a two - to - three - mile - wide break of rough terrain between the plains of northwestern Kansas and eastern Colorado and the south sides of the Arikaree and Republican river basins . The breaks extend from Rawlins County , Kansas westward across Cheyenne County , Kansas and into Yuma County , Colorado . The Arikaree Breaks were carved by water . The soil here called Loess was blown to the area around 10,000 years ago . The soil has a tendency to erode , forming nearly vertical cliffs . This kind of soil is also found in northeast Kansas , southwest Nebraska , and Iowa . The soil in that part of the state forms the Loess Hills .

Federal Heights is a neighborhood in Salt Lake City , Utah . It is generally considered as the residential area to the east of Virginia Street and to the north of South Temple Street in Salt Lake City . It abuts the Wasatch Mountains to the north , and the University of Utah to the south and east . Federal Heights is one of the most affluent neighborhoods in Salt Lake City . Many of the homes in the area date to the early 1900s . The name " Federal Heights " originates from the period between the Mormon settlers ' establishment of Salt Lake City in 1847 and Utah 's admittance to the United States as a state in 1896 . During this period of time , the Federal Government of the United States established Fort Douglas in the foothills of the Wasatch Mountains above Salt Lake City ( not far from the present - day neighborhood ) in order to keep an eye on the settlers . Through the efforts of Utah 's U.S. Senator Thomas Kearns ( 1901 - 1905 ) , Fort Douglas became a regimental post . The officers of the fort established their homesteads to the north - east , creating the Federal Heights neighborhood . It gained notoriety when Elizabeth Smart disappeared from the neighborhood on June 5 , 2002 , and was later rescued ( March 12 , 2003 ) from her abductors , two homeless adults known as Brian David Mitchell and Wanda Ileen Barzee .

Ford Christopher Frick ( December 19 , 1894 – April 8 , 1978 ) was an American sportswriter and baseball executive . After working as a teacher and as a sportswriter for the New York American , he served as public relations director of the National League ( NL ) , then as the league 's president from to . He was the third Commissioner of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) from 1951 to . While Frick was NL president , he had a major role in the establishment of the Baseball Hall of Fame as a museum that honors the best players in baseball history . He extinguished threats of a player strike in response to the racial integration of the major leagues . During Frick 's term as commissioner , expansion occurred and MLB faced the threat of having its antitrust exemption revoked by Congress . He was elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1970 . The Ford C. Frick Award recognizes outstanding MLB broadcasters .

JPEG XR ( JPEG extended range ) is a still - image compression standard and file format for continuous tone photographic images , based on technology originally developed and patented by Microsoft under the name HD Photo ( formerly Windows Media Photo ) . It supports both lossy and lossless compression , and is the preferred image format for Ecma-388 Open XML Paper Specification documents . Support for the format is available in Adobe Flash Player 11.0 , Adobe AIR 3.0 , Sumatra PDF 2.1 , Windows Imaging Component , .NET Framework 3.0 , Windows Vista , Windows 7 , Windows 8 , Internet Explorer 9 , Internet Explorer 10 , Internet Explorer 11 , Pale Moon 27.2.As of August 2014 , there were still no cameras that shoot photos in the JPEG XR ( .JXR ) format .

William Julius Mickle ( 29 September 1734 in Langholm , in Dumfrieshire   – 28 October 1788 in Forest Hill ) was a Scottish poet . Son of the minister of Langholm , Dumfriesshire , he was for some time a brewer in Edinburgh , but failed . He moved to England where he worked as a corrector for the Clarendon Press at Oxford . In 1771 – 75 Mickle lodged at the manor house in Forest Hill , Oxfordshire . Mickle had various literary failures and minor successes until , while at Forest Hill , he produced his translation of the Lusiad , from the Portuguese of Luís de Camões . This was a success that brought him both fame and money . In 1777 he went to Portugal , where he was received with distinction . In 1784 he published the ballad of Cumnor Hall , which suggested to Scott the writing of Kenilworth . He is perhaps best remembered , however , by the beautiful lyric , " There 's nae luck aboot the Hoose " , which , although claimed by others , is almost certainly his . In 1781 Mickle married Mary Tomkins , the daughter of his former landlord in Forest Hill , and settled in Wheatley . He died in 1788 while on a visit to his in - laws , and is buried in Forest Hill churchyard .

Radio Freedom was the radio propaganda arm of the African National Congress during the anti - Apartheid struggle from the 1970s through the 1990s . It was the oldest liberation radio station in Africa . While the broadcasts were from different radio stations ( including those of Tanzania , Zambia , Angola , Ethiopia , and Madagascar ) , their station identifications all sported the trademark introduction familiar to many from the The KLF song " 3 a.m. Eternal " : machine - gun fire , followed by a variation of This is Radio Freedom , the voice of the African National Congress and its military wing Umkhonto we Sizwe ... Winnie Mandela and several people featured in credit Radio Freedom as a significant comforting , rallying , and organising factor in the fight against Apartheid . Listening to Radio Freedom in Apartheid - era South Africa was a crime carrying a penalty of up to eight years in prison .

The Duchy of Samogitia ( , , ) was an administrative unit of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania from 1422 ( and from 1569 , a part of the Polish – Lithuanian Commonwealth ) . Between 1422 and 1441 it was known as the Eldership of Samogitia . The Grand Duke of Lithuania also held the title of Duke of Samogitia , although the actual ruler of the province , responsible to the Duke , was known as the General Elder ( Seniūnas ) of Samogitia . The Duchy was located in the western part of the present Republic of Lithuania . Historically , in the west it had access to the Baltic Sea ; in the north , it bordered the Duchy of Courland and Ducal Prussia in the south . During the Middle Ages and until the last partition in 1795 , Samogitia had clearly defined borders as the Duchy of Samogitia . Afterwards the area encompassed the Samogitian Diocese . Today Samogitia is one of several ethnographic regions and is not defined administratively .

Carlos Sastre Candil (; born 22 April 1975 ) is a former Spanish professional road bicycle racer and winner of the 2008 Tour de France . He consistently achieved great results in the Vuelta a España and equally good showings in the Tour de France . Sastre established himself as a strong and stable climbing specialist , and after working to improve his individual time trial skills , he became a contender for the top GC spots in the Grand Tours . In total , Sastre finished in the top ten overall of fifteen Grand Tours during his career . Also remarkable is that Sastre never tested positive or was caught in a doping investigation given he performed at the top level of cycling for many years . Sastre continues to be widely regarded , following the Lance Armstrong affair , as one of the very few ' clean ' riders to have won the Tour de France in modern times as he has never been involved in a doping affair . In fact , with respect to doping allegations and admissions that have surrounded Tour winners in recent decades , Sastre has been called " Don Limpio " ( " Mr . Clean " in Spanish ) by the press and others .

The strains in Ghana – Togo relations stretch back to pre - independence days . After 1918 , following the defeat of Germany , the League of Nations divided the German colony of Togoland from north to south , a decision that divided the Ewe people among the Gold Coast , British Togoland , and French Togoland . After 1945 , the United Nations took over the Togoland mandates . During the 1950s , when the independence of Ghana was in sight , demands grew for a separate Ewe state , an idea that Kwame Nkrumah , leader of the Gold Coast independence movement , opposed . Following a UN plebiscite in May 1956 , in which a majority of the Ewe voted for union with Ghana , British Togoland became part of the Gold Coast . After Togolese independence in 1960 , relations between Togo and Ghana deteriorated , aggravated by political differences and incidents such as smuggling across their common border . At times , relations have verged on open aggression . The result of the transfer of Togoland to Ghana has meant that many Togolese keep one foot on either side of the border , living in Ghana by night and working in the markets of the capital , Lomé , by day .

Lionsgate Films ( formerly known as Cinépix Film Properties ) is an American film production and film distribution studio , headquartered in Santa Monica and founded in French Canada , and is the flagship division of Lionsgate Entertainment . It is the largest and most successful mini - major film studio in North America . It focuses on foreign and independent films and has distributed various commercially successful film series , including The Twilight Saga and Step Up ( both partially , via the firm 's 2012 acquisition of two franchise 's distributor Summit Entertainment ; the latter has distributed by Disney 's Touchstone Pictures since its first film ) , The Hunger Games , Rambo , Divergent , The Punisher ( prior to Marvel Studios acquiring its rights back in 2013 ) , John Wick , Saw , Hostel , The Expendables , Sinister , Madea , Blair Witch , and Now You See Me .

Mayland Community College is located in the Appalachian Mountains of western North Carolina in the town of Spruce Pine . The college also operates learning centers in Newland , NC and in Burnsville , NC . The name of the college is derived from the three counties it primarily serves ; Mitchell , Avery , and Yancey . It is currently one of 58 institutions operating under the North Carolina Community College System . Mayland Community College was first chartered as Mayland Technical Institute in February 1970 by the General Assembly of North Carolina upon recommendations by the State Board of Education , the Advisory Budget Commission , and Governor Robert W. Scott . The president of the college is Dr. John C. Boyd . Mayland offers a variety of curriculum programs , including numerous college transfer options , as well as nursing , adult education , distance learning , and dual enrollment for high school students . To assist the local workforce , MCC provides several workforce development and continuing education courses that directly serve the needs of local and regional business and industries , as well as the civic and cultural interests of the community .

Berthe Marie Pauline Morisot (; January 14 , 1841   – March 2 , 1895 ) was a painter and a member of the circle of painters in Paris who became known as the Impressionists . She was described by Gustave Geffroy in 1894 as one of " les trois grandes dames " of Impressionism alongside Marie Bracquemond and Mary Cassatt . In 1864 , she exhibited for the first time in the highly esteemed Salon de Paris . Sponsored by the government , and judged by Academicians , the Salon was the official , annual exhibition of the Académie des beaux - arts in Paris . Her work was selected for exhibition in six subsequent Salons until , in 1874 , she joined the " rejected " Impressionists in the first of their own exhibitions , which included Paul Cézanne , Edgar Degas , Claude Monet , Camille Pissarro , Pierre - Auguste Renoir , and Alfred Sisley . It was held at the studio of the photographer Nadar . She was married to Eugène Manet , the brother of her friend and colleague Édouard Manet .

The Little Falls Township Public Schools is a community public school district that serves students in kindergarten through eighth grade from Little Falls , in Passaic County , New Jersey , United States . As of the 2014 - 15 school year , the district and its three schools had an enrollment of 1,265 students and 25.2 classroom teachers ( on an FTE basis ) , for a student – teacher ratio of 50.2:1 . The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group " FG " , the fourth - highest of eight groupings . District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts . From lowest socioeconomic status to highest , the categories are A , B , CD , DE , FG , GH , I and J. For ninth through twelfth grades , students in public school attend Passaic Valley Regional High School , which also serves students from Totowa and Woodland Park . The school facility is located in Little Falls . As of the 2014 - 15 school year , the high school had an enrollment of 1,355 students and 104.8 classroom teachers ( on an FTE basis ) , for a student – teacher ratio of 12.9:1 .

The scarlet minivet ( Pericrocotus speciosus ) is a small passerine bird . This minivet is found in tropical southern Asia from India to southern China , Indonesia , and the Philippines . They are common resident breeding birds in forests and other well - wooded habitats including gardens , especially in hilly country . While the male of most subspecies are scarlet to orange with black upper parts , the females are usually yellow with greyish olive upper parts . Several former subspecies have been elevated to species status in recent works . These include the orange minivet . All subspecies have the same habits of gleaning for insects and are often seen in mixed - species foraging flocks , usually foraging in small groups , high up in the forest canopy .

Germany has competed at every edition of the IAAF World Championships in Athletics since 1991 . Prior to 1991 , separate West Germany and East Germany teams competed at the global athletics competition . Germany has won the fourth highest total of gold medals at the event and has the fifth highest medal total . Germany 's delegations are typically among the largest at the competition , numbering around 60 - 80 athletes . The country has a strong history in the sport for both men 's and women 's teams , and it enters competitors in most events at each championships . It ranks second behind the United States in the IAAF placing tables , which awards points for top eight finishes . Germany has been most successful in the men 's and women 's throwing events , and the field events more generally . It 's relay teams are competitive and regularly make the finals . The country 's most successful athlete is men 's discus throw champion Lars Riedel , who from 1991 to 2001 won five world titles and one bronze medal . Another discus thrower , Robert Harting , has three gold medals and one silver medal to his name . Several women hold a claim to be Germany 's most successful female athlete : Astrid Kumbernuss and Franka Dietzsch each have won three gold medals in throwing events , sprinter Grit Breuer has the highest total at six medals , while another sprinter Katrin Krabbe has two golds and two bronze medals ( all won in 1991 ) . As of the 2017 World Championships in Athletics , no German athlete has been disqualified from the competition for doping .

Anachlysictis gracilis is an extinct carnivorous mammal belonging to the group Sparassodonta , which were metatherians ( a group including marsupials and their close relatives ) that inhabited South America during the Cenozoic . Unlike other remains assigned to the family Thylacosmilidae ( a group of metatherian predators equipped with " saber teeth " ) that had been found previously , Anachlysictis is the first record of such borhyaenoids in northern South America , and also most primitive and ancient in the family ( in fact , is the first confirmed record that did not belong to the genus Thylacosmilus , until the official publication of Patagosmilus in 2010 ) . This species was found in the Villavieja Formation in the area of La Venta in Colombia , a famous fossil deposit in the Middle Miocene ( Laventan ; 13.8 - 11.8 million years ago ) , based on fragments that include a front portion of the lower jaw , with an incipient molar tooth and a piece of carnassial from the front of the maxilla .

The , sometimes known as the Japanese Revolution , was a civil war in Japan , fought from 1868 to 1869 between forces of the ruling Tokugawa shogunate and those seeking to return political power to the Imperial Court . The war found its origins in dissatisfaction among many nobles and young samurai with the shogunate 's handling of foreigners following the opening of Japan during the prior decade . Increasing Western influence in the economy led to a decline similar to other Asian countries at the time . An alliance of western samurai , particularly the domains of Chōshū , Satsuma and Tosa , and court officials , secured control of the Imperial Court and influenced the young Emperor Meiji . Tokugawa Yoshinobu , the sitting shōgun , realizing the futility of his situation , abdicated political power to the emperor . Yoshinobu had hoped that by doing this , the Tokugawa house could be preserved and participate in the future government . However , military movements by imperial forces , partisan violence in Edo , and an imperial decree promoted by Satsuma and Chōshū abolishing the house of Tokugawa led Yoshinobu to launch a military campaign to seize the emperor 's court in Kyoto . The military tide rapidly turned in favor of the smaller but relatively modernized imperial faction , and after a series of battles culminating in the surrender of Edo , Yoshinobu personally surrendered . Those loyal to the Tokugawa retreated to northern Honshū and later to Hokkaidō , where they founded the Ezo republic . Defeat at the Battle of Hakodate broke this last holdout and left the imperial rule supreme throughout the whole of Japan , completing the military phase of the Meiji Restoration . Around 120,000 men were mobilised during the conflict , and of these about 3,500 were killed . In the end , the victorious imperial faction abandoned its objective to expel foreigners from Japan and instead adopted a policy of continued modernization with an eye to eventual renegotiation of the unequal treaties with the Western powers . Due to the persistence of Saigō Takamori , a prominent leader of the imperial faction , the Tokugawa loyalists were shown clemency , and many former shogunate leaders and samurai were later given positions of responsibility under the new government . When the Boshin War began , Japan was already modernizing , following the same course of advancement as that of the industrialized Western nations . Since Western nations , especially the United Kingdom and France , were deeply involved in the country 's politics , the installation of Imperial power added more turbulence to the conflict . Over time , the war has been romanticized as a " bloodless revolution " , because of the small number of casualties .

Nesquehoning Mountain or Nesquehoning Ridge is a coal bearing ridge dividing the waters of Lehigh Valley to the north from the Schuylkill River valley and the several near parallel ridgelines of the Ridge - and - valley Appalachians barrier range all local members of which run generally WSW - ENE in the greater overall area . Nestled above a creek sculpted ravine across from the even less negotiable sides of Broad Mountain the flanks above Nesquehoning Creek reach a sharp bend cut by the water gap of the Lehigh River and merge with the ridge of Pisgah Ridge to the south into a common terminal mountain , Mount Pisgah within sight of the Southern Poconos in a region once touted as " The Switzerland of America " along the eastern edge of the Southern Anthracite Region , all several ridge lines north of the escarpment Blue Mountain Ridge , Pennsylvania . in part providing the source waters for Nesquehoning Creek a tributary of the Lehigh River in the Poconos of eastern Pennsylvania in the United States .

Arsen Sheklian , better known by his stage name Arsen Roulette , ( born July 23 , 1976 ) is an American singer , lyricist , guitar player and upright bass player from Fresno , California . Roulette is a prolific songwriter penning more than 100 songs in the Rockabilly Genre , a mixture of Rock and Roll , Blues and American Hillbilly music . In 1996 Arsen discovered Rocabilly music and in 1997 Arsen formed the rockabilly trio " Arsen Roulette and the Ricochets " , the bands rotating members were a veritable whose who of neo - rockabilly giants . After several name changes and a successful U.S. tour , the trio grew into a quartet of semi - permanent musicians , mainly European Rock - A - Billy musicians who play full - time in other bands of this genre . Arsen Roulette makes bi - annual pilgrimages to Europe , frequently headlining Europe 's biggest Rockabilly events ; Summer Jamboree , Hemsby , Screamin ' Festival and the Brighton Rumble just to name a few . Currently , Arsen is playing lead guitar in a local Rockabilly band that is well established in Central California , Jailbreak , with lead singer , Greg " The Jailhouse Daddy " Kosobud and continues to tour all over the world as Arsen Roulette .

The history of jazz in Belgium starts with the Dinant instrument maker Adolphe Sax , whose saxophone became part of military bands in New Orleans around 1900 and would develop into the jazz instrument par excellence . From then on the early history of jazz in Belgium virtually runs parallel to developments in the country of the birth of jazz , from the minstrel shows in the late 19th century until the first Belgian jazz album in 1927 and beyond . Two important people in Belgium largely influenced the development of jazz in those early years : Félix - Robert Faecq and Robert Goffin . The Belgian jazz history yielded many internationally known jazz musicians and composers such as the harmonica player and guitarist Toots Thielemans , guitarist Philip Catherine and the gypsy jazz guitarist Django Reinhardt .

Quaudiophiliac ( styled QuAUDIOPHILIAc ) is a compilation album featuring music by Frank Zappa , released in DVD - Audio format by Barking Pumpkin Records in 2004 . It compiles recordings he made while experimenting with quadraphonic , or four - channel , sound in the 1970s . Zappa prepared quadraphonic mixes of a number of his 1970s albums , with both Over - Nite Sensation ( 1973 ) and Apostrophe ( ' ) ( 1974 ) being released in discrete quadraphonic on Zappa 's DiscReet Records label . Produced by Zappa , and completed by his son , Dweezil Zappa , Quaudiophiliac includes several previously unreleased works in this format . The recordings date from as early as 1970 , with " Chunga Basement " , a version of the title track from Chunga 's Revenge ( 1970 ) . Also included are three tracks from the 1975 Royce Hall , UCLA concerts with the Abnuceals Emuukha Electric Orchestra which would become Orchestral Favorites ( 1979 ) ; plus a quad remix of a segment of Zappa 's 1968 musique concrète masterpiece Lumpy Gravy .

Elexis Sinclaire is a fictional character in the SiN first - person shooter video game series by Ritual Entertainment . Elexis is the main antagonist character in the cyberpunk - themed SiN series , where she is a rich and powerful mad scientist who is secretly engaged in organized crime and planning to make a radical artificial evolutionary advance to the human race , and enemy of the protagonist character , private security force commander John R. Blade . She was introduced in the game SiN in 1998 . Elexis is also the main antagonist in , an anime film produced by ADV Films along with Ritual Entertainment . In the 2006 game SiN Episodes , her design was based on the model Bianca Beauchamp . Elexis is often perceived as one of the most sexual ( either sexiest or most sexualized ) female characters in video gaming . As such , she received a polarized but mostly positive critical reception .

Green Street , or Green Street Hooligans , is a 2005 British - American independent drama film about football hooliganism in the United Kingdom . It was directed by Lexi Alexander and stars Elijah Wood and Charlie Hunnam . In the film , an American college student falls in with a violent West Ham football firm ( the Green Street Elite ) run by his brother - in - law 's younger brother and is morally transformed by their commitment to each other . Two sequels followed in the form of direct - to - video releases . The first , , was released on various dates around the world between March 2009 to July 2010 . The second , , was released in the UK on 21 October 2013 .

Nicolaus Mameranus ( 6 December 1500 – 1567 ) was a Luxembourgian soldier and historian under Charles V , for whom he travelled widely , recording faithfully the composition of foreign courts and the customs of foreign countries . All his writings are in Latin . Mameranus was born in Mamer , probably as Nik Wagener . He was a very conservative Roman Catholic , full of abuse for Lutherans and other Protestants . He succeeded in having Charles V pay for the restoration of his native Mamer after the Duke of Orléans ' troops pillaged it in 1543 . In 1555 , Charles V appointed him poet laureate and Count Palatine in recognition of his continued support . He probably died in Augsburg , Germany , in 1567 .

The Serbian Orthodox Church ( ) is one of the autocephalous Eastern Orthodox Christian Churches . It is the second - oldest Slavic Orthodox Church in the world ( after the Bulgarian Orthodox Church ) . The Serbian Orthodox Church comprises the majority of the population in Serbia , Montenegro , and the Republika Srpska entity of Bosnia and Herzegovina . It is organized into metropolises and eparchies located primarily in Serbia , Bosnia and Herzegovina , Montenegro , and Croatia , but also all over the world where Serb diaspora lives . The Serbian Orthodox Church is an autocephalous , or ecclesiastically independent , member of the Eastern Orthodox communion . Serbian Patriarch serves as first among equals in his church ; the current patriarch is Irinej . The Church achieved autocephalous status in 1219 under the leadership of St. Sava , becoming independent Archbishopric of Žiča . Its status was elevated to that of a patriarchate in 1346 , and was known afterwards as the Serbian Patriarchate of Peć . This patriarchate was abolished by the Ottoman Turks in 1766 . The modern Serbian Orthodox Church was re - established in 1920 after the unification of the Patriarchate of Karlovci , the Metropolitanate of Belgrade and the Metropolitanate of Montenegro .

Blade Runner is an American neo - noir science fiction media franchise originating from the 1968 novel Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep ? by Philip K. Dick , about the character of Rick Deckard . The book has been adapted into several media , including films , comics , a stage play , and a radio serial . The first film adaptation was Blade Runner , directed by Ridley Scott in 1982 . Although the film initially underperformed at the American box office , it became a cult classic , and has had a significant influence on science fiction . A novelization and a comic adaptation of the film were released in the same year . From 1995 to 2000 , three novels serving as sequels to both Blade Runner and the original novel were written by K. W. Jeter , a friend of Dick 's . A film sequel to Blade Runner , Blade Runner 2049 , was released in 2017 . To celebrate the 30th anniversary of Blade Runner in 2012 , a short film was released , and in the lead up to the release of Blade Runner 2049 , several more short films detailing events that occurred between 2019 and 2049 were released .

Mikheil Asatiani ( 10 May 1882 in Tbilisi – 20 January 1938 in Tbilisi ) was a prominent Georgian psychiatrist , one of the founders of scientific psychiatry in Georgia . He graduated from Moscow State University in 1907 and began work at the psychiatric clinic in Moscow . He eventually became head of the Department of Psychiatry of the Tbilisi State University in 1921 and served on the editorial board of the journal Psikhoterapia . In 1925 , he established and headed until his death the Psychiatric Research Institute in Tbilisi , which posthumously was named after him . He directed hundreds of scientific researches and produced some 40 works on clinical psychiatry and psychotherapy . He is an author of original method of " reproductive experiences " .

Mia McKenzie is a writer , activist , and the founder of the website Black Girl Dangerous ( BGD ) . She grew up in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania and attended the University of Pittsburgh . McKenzie identifies as a queer Black feminist and uses her writing and website to make space for LGBTQ people of color . Her debut novel , The Summer We Got Free , received the Lambda Literary Award in 2013 . Her essays and short stories appear regularly on BGD as well as various publications , such as the Kenyon Review . McKenzie presents talks that center around the intersections of race , class , queerness , and gender at universities and conferences across the United States She currently lives in Boston , Massachusetts .

Bergen County is the most populous county in the U.S. state of New Jersey . As of the 2017 Census estimate , the county 's population was 948,406 , an increase of 4.8 % from the 2010 United States Census , which in turn represented an increase of 20,998 ( 2.4 % ) from the 884,118 counted in the 2000 Census . Located in the northeastern corner of New Jersey and its Gateway Region , Bergen County is part of the New York City Metropolitan Area and is directly across the Hudson River from Manhattan , to which it is connected by the George Washington Bridge . Bergen County is divided into 70 municipalities , but has no large cities . Its most populous place , with 43,010 residents at the time of the 2010 census , is Hackensack , which is also its county seat . Mahwah covered the largest area of any municipality , at . In 2015 , the county had a per capita personal income of $ 75,849 , the fourth - highest in New Jersey and ranked 45th of 3,113 counties in the United States . Bergen County is one of the wealthiest counties in the United States , with a median household income of $ 81,708 per the 2010 Census , increasing to an estimated $ 84,677 in 2014 , which was almost 18 % higher than the $ 71,919 median statewide . The county hosts an extensive park system totaling nearly .

al - Burj ( ) , also spelled Borj , is a village in northern Aleppo Governorate , northwestern Syria . Situated in the northern Aqil mountains , bordering the Queiq Plain to the west , it is located between al - Rai and al - Bab , some northeast of the city of Aleppo , and south of the border to the Turkish province of Kilis . Al Burj was captured by Turkish - backed Free Syrian Army from ISIS , On 7 November 2016 . Administratively the village belongs to Nahiya al - Bab in al - Bab District . Nearby localities include Tall Battal to the south , and Ka'ibah to the northwest , on the Queiq Plain . In the 2004 census , al - Burj had a population of 236 .

Governments around the world have passed measures to phase out incandescent light bulbs for general lighting in favor of more energy - efficient lighting alternatives . Phase - out regulations effectively ban the manufacture , importation or sale of incandescent light bulbs for general lighting . The regulations would allow sale of future versions of incandescent bulbs if they are sufficiently energy efficient . Brazil and Venezuela started the phase - out in 2005 , and the European Union , Switzerland , and Australia started to phase them out in 2009 . Likewise , other nations are implementing new energy standards or have scheduled phase - outs : Argentina , and Russia in 2012 , and the United States , Canada , Mexico , Malaysia and South Korea in 2014 . Objections to replacement of incandescent lamps for general lighting mainly include the higher purchasing cost of alternative light bulbs . To mitigate the effects of these concerns , various programs have been put in place ranging from subsidies for lamps to improved standards for measurement of performance and for labelling products . Manufacturers develop fluorescent lamps with reduced mercury content compared to original designs , and recycling programs are intended to prevent mercury release . New lamp types offer improved starting characteristics , and dimmable types are available .

Maham Begam or Mahim Begum ( died 28 March 1534 ; ; meaning " My moon " ) was Empress of Mughal Empire from 20 April 1526 to 26 December 1530 as the third wife and chief consort of Babur , the founder of the Mughal Empire and the first Mughal emperor . Maham Begum is rightly counted as one of the initial Queens among the Mughals who could be placed on the pinnacle in view of her substantial role and attractive personality . Babur conferred her the superlative imperial title Padshah Begum . The title was first time used for her which was given to the first lady of the Court of Empire . Maham Begum is frequently mentioned in the Humayun Nama by her adoptive daughter Gulbadan Begum , who calls her ' lady and my Lady ' ( aka and akam ) .

Until 1 January 2007 , Bjerringbro municipality was a municipality ( Danish , kommune ) in Viborg County on the Jutland peninsula in northern Denmark . The municipality covered an area of 207 km² , and had a total population of 13,922 ( 2005 ) . Its latest mayor was Poul Vesterbæk , a member of the Venstre ( Liberal Party ) political party . The main town and the site of its municipal council is the town of Bjerringbro . Bjerringbro municipality ceased to exist as the result of Kommunalreformen ( " The Municipality Reform " of 2007 ) . It was merged with Fjends , Karup , Møldrup , Tjele , and Viborg municipalities to form an enlarged Viborg municipality . This created a municipality with an area of 1,390 km² and a total population of 88,945 ( 2005 ) . The new municipality belongs to the Region Midtjylland ( " Mid - Jutland Region " ) .

The Tewantin National Park is a 13 square kilometer national park in Queensland , Australia . It consists of five individual areas west of Noosa Heads in the Wide Bay - Burnett region about 115 kilometers north of Brisbane and 125   km south of Hervey Bay . The park is divided into disconnected sections within Lake Macdonald , Tinbeerwah , Tewantin and Noosaville . The national park protects coastal rainforest , bright eucalyptus forest and the last remnants of Wallum Heath between Noosa and Cooray . The Mount Tinbeerwah ( 265 m ) is composed of solidified lava , which was created by volcanic activity millions of years ago . In its surroundings you can find the endangered Swamp Stringybark ( Eucalyptus conglomerata ) with its many trunks , gray , fibrous bark and bunches of white flowers . Many amphibians live in the park , including the nearly endangered Tusked Frog ( Adelotus brevis ) and the endangered or threatened Green - thighed frog , Wallum froglet , and Giant barred frog . About 70 different bird species have been observed in the park , including the almost endangered Red - browed treecreeper .

The Philippine Sports Stadium , also known as New Era University ( NEU ) Stadium , is a football and track stadium at Ciudad de Victoria , a 140-hectare tourism enterprise zone in the towns of Bocaue and Santa Maria in Bulacan , Philippines . The stadium was built right next to the Philippine Arena , the world 's largest indoor arena . The stadium is the largest football stadium in the Philippines with a maximum seating capacity of 25,000 . Its seating capacity is more than twice the seating capacity of the Rizal Memorial Stadium , the national stadium of the country which has a seating capacity of 12,000 . PWP Landscape Architecture is responsible for the landscaping work on the area around the stadium dubbed as the Stadium Gardens . In December 2016 , it was reported that the track and field team of the University of the Philippines is a tenant of the stadium .

" Paint It Black " ( originally released as " Paint It , Black " ) is a song by the English rock band the Rolling Stones . Jointly credited to the songwriting partnership of Mick Jagger and Keith Richards , it was first released as a single on 6 May 1966 , and later included as the opening track to the US version of their 1966 album Aftermath . " Paint It Black " reached number one in both the Billboard Hot 100 and the UK Singles Chart . The song became the Rolling Stones ' third number one hit single in the US and sixth in the UK . Since its initial release , the song has remained influential as the first number one hit featuring a sitar , particularly in the UK where it has charted on two other occasions , and has been the subject of multiple cover versions , compilation albums , and film appearances .

Sustainability , as defined by the 1983 Brundtland Commission , formally the World Commission on Environment and Development ( WCED ) , states “ development which implies meeting the needs of the present without compromising the ability of future generations to meet their own needs ” . As sustainability gains support worldwide , universities across the United States have begun to take initiatives toward more sustainable campuses . Alongside student - run projects , drastic changes in administration , energy efficiency , and food and recycling have sprung up in Ivy League schools and liberal arts colleges alike . The American College and University Presidents’ Climate Commitment is an evident effort to address global climate disruption consisting of a network of colleges and universities that have made institutional commitments to reduce net greenhouse gas emissions on campus , and to promote the research and educational efforts of higher education to prepare society to re - stabilize the earth ’s climate . Oberlin College in Ohio features the first Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design ( LEED ) Gold certified music facility , while Yale University in New Haven , Connecticut has pledged that all new buildings will meet these same Gold standards . LEED is an internationally recognized green building certification system created by the U.S. Green Building Council . This ranking system offers an incentive for building owners to implement green design , construction , efficient operations and eco - friendly solutions over the years . Buildings are responsible for about 40 % of total carbon emissions . And so by including these green buildings , schools are decreasing carbon emissions , conserving water and energy and saving money each month . Princeton and Ohio University have both made strides toward cutting yearly carbon emissions on campus ; While Florida Gulf Coast University has implemented solar energy throughout various buildings . A number of universities across the U.S. have created bicycle stations providing rentals to students and staff alike in an effort to reduce the burning of fossil fuels and automobile congestion as well . Car sharing like rechargeable Zipcars and reliable public transit have also helped incentivize more eco - friendly schools . These changes towards sustainability offer colleges a moral and ethical fulfillment as well as economic and financial benefits . Likewise , these universities are responsible for training future generations in sustainable practice . By offering students these more Earth friendly options , faculty and staff can ensure the well being of lands and resources for generations to come .

The Revolutionary Liberation Movement Tupaq Katari ( Spanish : Movimiento Revolucionario Túpac Katari de Liberación , MRTKL ) is a left - wing political party in Bolivia . In 1985 , Jenaro Flores Santos split from the Tupaj Katari Revolutionary Movement and founded the Revolutionary Liberation Movement Tupaq Katari . It took part in 1985 elections , running Jenaro Flores Santos . He polled 2.11 per cent of the vote . Within a year of its formation , divisions emerged within the MRTKL between Jenaro Flores Santos , on the one hand , and Víctor Hugo Cárdenas and Walter Reynaga Vásquez , the party 's two deputies of the National Congress , on the other . In a 1988 party congress , Jenaro Flores Santos walked out with some of his supporters and formed the Katarist United Liberation Front ( FULKA ) . Both parties lost support after the internal bickering became public . Jenaro Flores Santos 's exit still did not achieve unity in the MRTKL : neither Cárdenas nor Reynaga Vásquez would accept the second position in the new party hierarchy . Cárdenas eventually edged out his rival . The MRTKL took part in 1989 elections , running Víctor Hugo Cárdenas . He polled 1.6 per cent of the vote . Although the indigenous candidates attracted large crowds , they found that many campesinos already were committed to the Revolutionary Nationalist Movement , the Revolutionary Left Movement , or other parties that had a better chance of winning .

Blessed Elisabetta Sanna ( full name Elisabetta Sanna Porcu ) ( 23 April 1788 – 17 February 1857 ) was an Italian Roman Catholic from Codrongianos Province of Sassari who was an active member of both the Secular Franciscan Order and the Union of the Catholic Apostolate . In the latter she was a friend and compatriot of Saint Vincenzo Pallotti . As a result of smallpox , Sanna was for the most part disabled and further ailments prevented her from returning to her hometown after departing on a pilgrimage ; this forced her to take up residence in Rome where she later died . Sanna married and bore seven children but was widowed after almost two decades of marriage . Pope Francis proclaimed her to be Venerable in 2014 after determining that she lived a model Christian life of heroic virtue . The pope approved the miracle attributed to her in 2016 which allowed for her beatification to occur . Cardinal Angelo Amato – on the behalf of the pope – presided over the beatification on 17 September 2016 .

Monumental Church is a former Episcopal church that stands at 1224 E. Broad Street between N. 12th and College Streets in Richmond , Virginia . Designed by architect Robert Mills , it is one of America 's earliest and most distinctive Greek Revival churches and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places , is a National Historic Landmark and is located in the Court End historic district . Monumental Church was built between 1812 and 1814 to commemorate the 72 people who died on the site in the December 26 , 1811 Richmond Theatre fire . The building consists of two parts : a crypt and a church . The crypt is located beneath the sanctuary and contains the remains of those claimed by the fire . The church is an octagonal construction of brick and Aquia sandstone with a stucco coat .

Analog Man is the eleventh and latest studio solo album by the American singer - songwriter and multi - instrumentalist Joe Walsh , formerly of the James Gang and lead guitarist for the Eagles . The album was released in mid 2012 , on the label Fantasy in the United States and the United Kingdom , It is his first studio solo album to be released since 1992 's Songs for a Dying Planet , 20 years prior . The album features 10 new songs , and was co - produced by Jeff Lynne . The album also features contributions from the former Beatles drummer , Ringo Starr , the former Barnstorm members , Kenny Passarelli and Joe Vitale , former James Gang members , Jim Fox and Dale Peters , and also a duet with Little Richard . The album peaked at No . 12 on the Billboard 200 chart , as well as No . 4 on the top rock albums chart .

The Traveling Wilburys Collection is a box set compilation album by the British - American supergroup the Traveling Wilburys . It comprises the two studio albums recorded by the band in 1988 and 1990 , with additional bonus tracks , and a DVD containing their music videos and a documentary about the group . The box set was released on 11 June 2007 by Rhino , in association with Wilbury Records . The release was overseen by George Harrison 's estate , as the rights holder for the Wilburys ' catalogue , and ensured that the band 's recordings were available for the first time since they went out of print in the mid 1990s . Two of the bonus tracks were completed for the box set by Jeff Lynne , who co - founded the Wilburys in 1988 , and Harrison 's son Dhani . The Traveling Wilburys Collection was commercially successful , topping albums charts in Britain , Ireland , Australia and several other countries .

William Everett " Bud " Luckey ( July 28 , 1934 – February 24 , 2018 ) was an American animator and actor . He is best known for his work at Pixar , where he worked as a character designer on a number of films , including Toy Story , Boundin ' , Toy Story 2 , A Bug 's Life , Monsters , Inc. , Finding Nemo , Cars and Ratatouille . Luckey was also known as the voice of Rick Dicker in The Incredibles , Chuckles the Clown in Toy Story 3 and as Eeyore in the 2011 Winnie the Pooh film . In 2004 , Luckey directed and wrote the Pixar short film Boundin ' , for which he also composed music and performed as the solo singer and narrator . It won the Annie Award and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film . Luckey continued to work as a performer of character voices in both Disney and Pixar films until his retirement in 2014 .

" On the Pathos of Truth " ( German : Über das Pathos der Wahrheit ) is a short essay by Friedrich Nietzsche concerning the motivation of philosophers to seek knowledge as an end in itself . Nietzsche identifies this motivation with pride . On this point the essay prefigures theories concerning a destructive " will to truth " that Nietzsche discusses in On the Genealogy of Morals , Beyond Good and Evil , and The Gay Science . As an illustration of a motivated seeker of truth , Nietzsche takes Heraclitus , although he also discusses Pythagoras and Empedocles . He recounts Heraclitus as being psychologically distant from other people , due to being aware of truth while others are not : Nietzsche 's focus is on the psychology and social life of the philosopher , identifying misanthropy and seclusion as the result of being motivated toward knowledge itself , regardless of any features of the philosopher 's cosmology , physics , or epistemology . Nietzsche concludes the essay by identifying a need to have art along with knowledge . Art is necessary because it adds emotion and purpose to society . Knowledge is limited ; for example , a knowledge of matter and motion will not reveal any purpose in the universe . While the motivation for knowledge in itself brings about insights which help society , art allows constant variation which can affirm a sense a purposiveness , which is an emotional need of individuals . " On the Pathos of Truth " was written in 1872 , and was intended to be a preface or foreword , but no book was ever written to follow it . Nietzsche , however , did collect it , along with four other such prefaces to unwritten books , and gave the edition to Cosima Wagner as a Christmas present .

Osman Karabegović ( 7 September 1911 – 24 June 1996 ) was a Yugoslav and Bosnian communist politician and a recipient of the Order of the People 's Hero . He joined the Communist Party of Yugoslavia in 1932 . During World War II , he was one of the leaders of the Yugoslav Partisans in Bosnia - Herzegovina . After the war , he held various posts in the Socialist Yugoslavia . In 1972 , after he criticised the lack of democracy in the Socialist Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina , he was expelled from the League of Communists of Yugoslavia as a critic of the Yugoslav model of workers ' self - management and lack of democracy in the SR Bosnia and Herzegovina . He was a strong supporter of Slobodan Milošević in 1980s and 1990s , and opposed Alija Izetbegović in Bosnia and Herzegovina . He died in Belgrade in 1996 .

HitRecord on TV is a 2014 American television variety series created by Joseph Gordon - Levitt with executive producers Jared Geller , Brian Graden , and Belisa Balaban . The series premiered on 18 January 2014 on Pivot in the United States . The series emphasizes Internet celebrity in art history by focusing on different themes . The satellite variety show currently airs new episodes five consecutive nights a week ( every day except Thursday and Friday on which reruns are aired instead ) after prime time and before late night for Pivot on Verizon FIOS , AT&T ; U - verse , DirecTV , and Dish . The show is supported by TakePart . The first three episodes were shown at 2014 Sundance Film Festival on January 18 , 2014 .

Stephanie McKay is an American soul singer and songwriter from the Bronx in New York , whose music includes elements of soul , funk , rock and hip hop . McKay 's career has spanned over 20 years , during which time she has collaborated with artists including Anthony Hamilton , DJ Spinna Toshi Reagon and Big lovely , Roy Hargrove , Jacques Schwarz - Bart , Katalyst , Mos Def , Talib Kweli , Tricky , Carl Hancock Rux and Amp Fiddler and numerous others . She has released two solo albums , McKay ( 2003 ) and Tell it Like it Is ( 2008 ) , a self - titled EP Stephanie McKay ( 2006 ) and has toured internationally as a solo artist . She formerly played guitar in Kelis ' band and recorded with the Brooklyn Funk Essentials .

Saints and Sinners is an album by American rock band Young Dubliners . The album was released on February 3 , 2009 . The album is their first effort with all original material ( their previous release , With All Due Respect , was essentially a tribute to Irish music ) . It features guest appearances by Kenny Wayne Shepherd , Eric Rigler and Cindy Wasserman . The first single , " Rosie " , gained considerable airplay on U.S. radio stations , as did " Buy You a Life " . The band performed " Rosie " on ABC TV 's Jimmy Kimmel Live ! on March 17 , 2009 ; they also appeared on the show on March 17 , 2011 and played " Howaya Girls " .

The Impeachment March , sometimes referred to as the " Impeach Trump " protest , was a series of rallies against the President of the United States , Donald Trump , held nationwide on July 2–4 , 2017 , advocating that Congress begin the impeachment process against him . Events took place in more than 30 cities throughout the United States . Organizers accused President Trump of violating the United States Constitution , specifically the Foreign Emoluments Clause and the Domestic Emoluments Clause , and claimed he committed obstruction of justice by dismissing Sally Yates and James Comey . They also cited Trump 's alleged interference with the Federal Bureau of Investigation 's review of Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections and his travel ban issue as reasons for his impeachment . The demonstrations were mostly peaceful , though three people were arrested in Philadelphia . Many featured speeches by politicians and local activities , and some attracted counter - protesters who wanted to show their support for Trump . Events were organized by various organizations , including affiliates of the Indivisible movement .

" Bootie Call " is a song performed by British - Canadian girl group All Saints from their debut album , All Saints ( 1998 ) . The song was co - written by group member Shaznay Lewis in collaboration with its producer , Karl Gordon . " Bootie Call " was first released on 31 August 1998 by London Records as All Saints ' fourth official single . It was released on cassette , CD and 12 " format accompanied by a B - side entitled " Get Down " as well as previous hit " I Know Where It 's At " and a remix of " Never Ever " . " Bootie Call " achieved chart success ; topping the UK Singles Chart on 6 September 1998 , and at the same time becoming the group 's third consecutive number - one hit . The single also performed well internationally , peaking within the top 10 in The Netherlands , Iceland , Ireland and Scotland , and the top 40 in Belgium and Sweden .

" I Saved the World Today " is a song recorded by the British pop music duo Eurythmics from their album Peace in 1999 . It was written and co - produced by band - members Annie Lennox and David A. Stewart . The song was released as the first single from the album and returned Eurythmics to the UK singles chart for the first time in nearly a decade , peaking at number eleven . " I Saved the World Today " was not released as a single in the United States . It peaked within the top ten in several countries , like Finland , Greece , Hungary , Italy and Poland . The song was briefly played as background music for an engagement party scene in season two , episode 12 of The Sopranos , " The Knight in White Satin Armor " , and then meaningfully used as background for the closing scene and credits of that same episode . It was also used in the diner scene and over the closing credits of Norwegian film Lønsj .

Jasenko Đorđrević is an artist from Tuzla , Bosnia and Herzegovina who was born on June 9 , 1983 . Jasenko is one of the few people in the world who specialize in making sculptures on the tip of a pencil ( the graphite part ) . He goes by a pseudonym TOLDart . He has made about 200 sculptures and still continues to make more . Jasenko still lives in Tuzla working as an aikido instructor . Because of some connections that he has made with people in different countries he travels around Europe on his exhibitions . He has been making sculptures for a long time , but quite recently he became popular through social media and since then he has been invited to Norway , Greece , Germany and many other places .

The Division of Calwell is an Australian Electoral Division in the state of Victoria . The division was created in 1984 and is named for Arthur Calwell , who was Minister for Immigration 1945 – 1949 and Leader of the Australian Labor Party 1960 – 1967 . The division is located in the north - western suburbs of Melbourne . It covers an area of approximately from in the north to in the south and from in the west to in the east . Localities include , , Calder Park , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and and part of . The current Member for Calwell , since the 2001 federal election , is Maria Vamvakinou , a member of the Australian Labor Party .

Fanny Navarro ( 1 June 1920 - 18 March 1971 ) was an Argentine actress . She starred in films such Melodías porteñas ( 1937 ) , Doce mujeres ( 1939 ) , Ambición ( 1939 ) , El hijo del barrio ( 1940 ) , Hogar , dulce hogar ( 1941 ) , Dos ángeles y un pecador ( 1945 ) , Marihuana ( 1950 ) , Deshonra ( 1952 ) , Marta Ferrari ( 1956 ) and La Calesita ( 1969 ) . Navarro was the girlfriend of Eva Perón 's brother , and she was selected by Perón to head the Peronist foundation for actresses . Navarro once lost the only copy of a script written for Leopoldo Marechal 's play Antigona Verez ; Marechal was ordered to rewrite the entire thing .

Kalix ( / kölismåle ) is a divergent Swedish dialect spoken in the Kalix Municipality along with Sami , Finnish , Meänkieli and the national standard language Swedish . Like other Scandinavian languages , the Kalix dialect originates in Proto - Norse and dialects of Old Norse , spoken by immigrating Germanic settlers during the Viking Age . It has three grammatical genders , two plural forms of indefinite nouns , and broad usage of definite nouns . Nouns are also inflected differently in dative and accusative case , and there are three forms of expressing genitive . Most verbs are conjugated differently in singular and plural , while most adjectives are not . Some adjectives can though be serially joined with nouns and some have two plural forms . A pleonastic article is also always used before people 's and pet 's names .

Xue Pan ( ) is a secondary character in the classic Chinese novel Dream of the Red Chamber . He is a ne'er - do - well lout who is guilty of the killing of a man over a beautiful slave girl , Zhen Yinglian , who is renamed as Xiangling ( Lotus ) . He has the manslaughter case done over with money , then escapes to the capital from Jinling . He is the elder brother of Xue Baochai and the son of Aunt Xue . Pan was also a local bully in Jinling City , where the Xues came from . He is a total opposite of Baochai , who is tactful and cultivated , although he has genuine respect for his sister . He is on the other hand tactless and uncouth , and mixes around with bad company . He eventually marries a shrew , Xia Jin'gui , who causes much misery to Aunt Xue , Baochai , Xiangling and himself .

The Ibergeregg Pass is a mountain pass at an elevation in the Swiss canton of Schwyz . The pass connects the town of Schwyz and village of Oberiberg , with onward links to Einsiedeln and the Sihlsee . The headwaters of the Minster , a tributary of the Sihl , are nearby , and the pass is flanked by the Alpine peaks of Furggelenstock and Firstspitz . A mule track has crossed the pass since the middle ages , and the current paved road was constructed in 1873 . The pass road has a maximum grade of 14 percent . At the summit of the pass are an inn , a chapel , and a ski station . The area is a summer and winter resort , with skiing and hiking .

The Sculpture by the Sea exhibition in Sydney and Perth is Australia 's largest annual outdoor sculpture exhibition . This exhibition was initiated in 1997 , at Bondi Beach and it featured sculptures by both Australian and overseas artists . In 2005 , a companion event was established at Cottesloe Beach in Western Australia featuring over 70 artists . In 2009 it was announced that Aarhus in Denmark would host the first Sculpture by the Sea exhibition outside of Australia . This exhibition is held annually during spring in Australia , from late October to early November for three weeks . Over 100 local , interstate and international artists participate every year . Sculpture by the Sea is incredibly popular and draws considerable crowds . In 2014 Waverley Council estimated that between 450,000 and 500,000 people would visit the sculptures during their exhibition in Sydney .

Albert Ogden " Scoop " Vorse Jr. ( August 9 , 1914 – October 27 , 1979 ) was an accomplished United States Navy aviator and flying ace of World War II who participated in some of the most prominent actions of the Pacific theater , including the Battle of the Coral Sea and the Guadalcanal Campaign . Vorse served in early fighter squadrons with legendary figures like Butch O'Hare and Jimmy Thach . Rising in rank throughout the war , he would act as Executive Officer and Operations Officer in different squadrons before being given command of his own squadron , VF-80 , the eponymous Vorse 's Vipers . Vorse ended the war as commander of Air Group 80 and ultimately achieved rear admiral rank before his retirement in 1959 .

Émile Louis Fortuné Pessard ( 29 May 1843 – 10 February 1917 ) was a French composer . Pessard was born and died in Paris . He studied at the Conservatoire de Paris , where he won 1st prize in Harmony . In 1866 he won the Grand Prix de Rome with his cantata Dalila which was performed at the Paris Opera on February 21 , 1867 . From 1878 to 1880 he was inspector of singing at Paris Schools , in 1881 he became professor of Harmony at the Paris Conservatory . His students included Maurice Ravel , Jacques Ibert , William Molard , Albert Seitz and Justin Élie . After 1895 he was a critic and director . He composed many comic operas and operettas , as well as masses .

Aldous Leonard Huxley ( 26 July 1894 – 22 November 1963 ) was an English writer , novelist , philosopher , and prominent member of the Huxley family . He graduated from Balliol College at the University of Oxford with a first - class honours degree in English literature . The author of nearly fifty books , Huxley was best known for his novels ( among them Brave New World , set in a dystopian future ) ; for nonfiction works , such as The Doors of Perception , in which he recalls his experiences taking psychedelic drugs ; and for his wide - ranging essays . Early in his career , Huxley published short stories and poetry , and edited the literary magazine Oxford Poetry . He went on to publish travel writing , film stories , satire , and screenplays . He spent the latter part of his life in the United States , living in Los Angeles from 1937 until his death . Huxley was a humanist and pacifist . He became interested in spiritual subjects such as parapsychology and philosophical mysticism , and in particular universalism . By the end of his life , Huxley was widely acknowledged as one of the pre - eminent intellectuals of his time . He was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature seven times . In 1962 , a year before he died , Huxley was elected Companion of Literature by the Royal Society of Literature .

Sister Kenny is a 1946 American biographical film about Sister Elizabeth Kenny , an Australian bush nurse , who fought to help people who suffered from polio , despite opposition from the medical establishment . The film stars Rosalind Russell , Alexander Knox , and Philip Merivale . The film was adapted by Alexander Knox , Mary McCarthy , Milton Gunzburg ( uncredited ) , and Dudley Nichols from the book And They Shall Walk , by Elizabeth Kenny and Martha Ostenso , and directed by Dudley Nichols . The " Sister " in the title does not refer to being a religious sister , but rather a rank she had held as a nurse in the Australian Army . It is also a term for a senior RN ( which Kenny was not ) .

The ladder of opportunity is a catchphrase coined by former Australian Opposition Leader Mark Latham to describe the process of social advancement or the elevation to higher social classes of Australian citizens . After defeating Kim Beazley for the role of Leader of the Opposition , Mark Latham coined the political slogan in his first press conference to describe what he stood for as Labor leader and alternative Prime Minister . The ladder of opportunity was a phase to inspire middle class ' aspirational ' Australian voters . Mark Latham recognised that the primary concern of voters was personal economic advancement , and coined an easy - to - understand phrase to capture the minds of the traditional Labor voter . The phrase would feature prominently in the 2004 federal election ; an election that Labor and Latham would go on to lose .

Barlonyo ( also Bar Lonyo , meaning " field of wealth " in Luo ) is a village in northern Uganda near Lira town , where a number of internally displaced people ( IDPs ) from parts of northern Uganda lived , as a result of a 20-year LRA insurgency . It is located in Orit Parish , at the North -eastern end of Ogur sub - county in Lira District . It is a 45-minute drive from Lira town . Ironically it is now a field of graves , making it a tourist attraction site . What catches the eyes is the v - shaped 70 meter long grave on which residents of Barlonyo will be seated on it , eating or washing their clothes - or even drinking potent gin . At the center of this conflict is the Lord 's Resistance Army ( LRA ) led by Joseph Kony . The Lord 's Resistance Army ( LRA ) , is a rebel group that had bases in Acholi sub Region of northern Uganda . It was formed in 1987 . The rebels have been accused of many atrocities in the area , including kidnapping children to train as soldiers or use as sex slaves . The Ugandan government blamed the LRA for a massacre of over 200 civilians at the IDP camp in Barlonyo on February 21 , 2004 . Unofficial reports indicate that somewhere between 300 and 500 people were either massacred or went missing that day ( according to locals , the government has allegedly tried to abbreviate the toll ) . The camp has since been disbanded by the government . Plans are in high gear to open a polytechnic school in the area in memory of the killings .

The Korea National Ballet is a South Korean ballet company . It was founded in 1962 in Seoul as the National Ballet Company . It was one of the affiliates of the National Theater of Korea until 1999 , when it separated to independently reestablish itself in the Seoul Arts Center in the following year . It has sixty - five dancers , chosen annually through open audition . There are currently 80 members in the company , including regular members , associate members , and trainees . Equipped with the nation 's top dancers and diverse repertoires , the Korea National Ballet has taken the lead in developing the field of performance . Welcoming artistic director Tae - ji Choi who was reappointed in 2011 , the Korea National Ballet reflects on its past achievements done under the slogan of Globalization , Refinement and Popularization of ballet for the past half century . Overseas tours have included performances in Egypt and Israel in 1997 , China in 2000 and 2001 , Japan in 2002 , and more recent trips to Russia . One of the prima ballerinas of the company , Joo - won Kim was the winner of the BENOIS de la DANSE prize 2006 . In 2007 , the company disciplined her for having appeared topless in a Korean fashion magazine . The company said she had engaged in employment outside her contract . ,

" Rammstein " is a song by the German industrial metal band Rammstein . It is the eleventh and final track on their debut album , Herzeleid , and was the first song written by the band . It is about the Ramstein air show disaster . According to an interview with rhythm guitarist Paul Landers , the sound of the main riff of the song is made by him and lead guitarist Richard Kruspe , each playing a similar riff at different octaves ( Richard plays the middle and Paul plays the lower ) . The song was featured in the 1997 David Lynch film Lost Highway . In the Live aus Berlin performance of the song , lead vocalist Till Lindemann ascends from underneath the stage via a trap door . He wears a burning coat , and special goggles from which a laser beam is projected from one of the lenses . When they performed the song in the 2004 – 05 Reise , Reise tour , Lindemann no longer wore the flaming jacket , opting instead for dual arm mounted flame throwers . Rammstein has been a part of every tour setlist since the song 's inception , including the Pre - Herzeleid years . The only tour it has not been included in is the tour for Liebe ist für alle da and Made in Germany 1995–2011 , although in the last Made in Germany tour / unofficial tour name of the Made in Germany tour Wir halten das Tempo tour , the introduction of the song has been used to tease the audience as they performed the intro with guitar flamethrowers before segueing into " Bück Dich " .

Standing in the Light is the fourth studio album released by the British jazz - funk band Level 42 . The album , released in 1983 , generated the group 's first top 10 in the UK album charts , peaking at # 9 . The album was well received by critics and fans . The album was released in many countries beyond the United Kingdom , in Greece , Germany ( peaked in # 27 on charts ) , Sweden ( peaked in # 25 on charts ) Japan , Canada , United States and Middle East . The first single , " Out of Sight , Out of Mind " , originally produced by Wally Badarou , was released only in the United Kingdom and ranked # 41 on the United Kingdom charts . For the album version the song was remixed and a new lead vocal recorded . The second single " The Sun Goes Down ( Living it Up ) " was released in the United Kingdom , Oceania and other parts of Europe and America and gave the group its first top 10 in the United Kingdom . The third single " Micro Kid " peaked at # 37 on the United Kingdom single charts . The album was released again in 2000 with bonus tracks in a 2-CD compilation with the album " The Pursuit of Accidents " in the United Kingdom by the label Polydor .

Jun Hyo - seong ( Hangul : 전효성 ; Hanja : 全 烋星 ; born October 13 , 1989 ) often simply known as Hyoseong or Hyosung , is a South Korean singer and actress . In 2005 , she was a finalist in Mnet 's Battle Shinhwa which led to her signing a recording contract with Good Entertainment . In 2007 , she was going to debut in the group Five Girls , with G.NA , Wonder Girls ' Yubin , After School 's Uee and former T - ara member and former Spica member Yang Jiwon ; however , the group disbanded before they were able to debut due to the company 's financial problems . Hyoseong was later discovered by TS Entertainment through a show aired on SBS MTV called Diary of Five Girls and spent two years with the company as a trainee . In 2009 , she debuted with Song Jieun , Han Sunhwa and Jung Hana as the four - member girl group Secret . Hyoseong debuted as a solo artist in 2014 .

Main Street ( Ottawa Road # 72 ) is an arterial road in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada . Main Street begins at Colonel By Drive near the community of Sandy Hill and runs in a straight line south until it bends near the Rideau River and becomes Smyth Road . Main Street is home to the Cuban embassy , Immaculata High School and Saint Paul University . For most of its length it runs parallel with the Rideau River and the Rideau Canal , being about halfway between them . Despite the name , the street is not Ottawa 's " main street " , as one would argue that that title would be held by Bank Street . Main Street however is the " main street " for the community of Ottawa East . It was originally the main street of Archville , Ontario , which later amalgamated with Ottawa in 1907 . At that time Ottawa had no other street called Main and the name was not changed .

John Kinzie ( December 3 , 1763 – January 6 , 1828 ) was a fur trader from Quebec who first operated in Detroit and what became the Northwest Territory of the United States . A partner of William Burnett from Canada , about 1802 - 1803 Kinzie moved with his wife and child to Chicago , where they were among the first permanent European settlers . Kinzie Street ( 400N ) in Chicago is named for him . Their daughter Ellen Marion Kinzie , born in 1805 , was believed to be the first child of European descent born in the settlement . In 1812 Kinzie killed Jean La Lime , who worked as an interpreter at Fort Dearborn in Chicago . This was known as " the first murder in Chicago " . During the War of 1812 , when living in Detroit , Kinzie was accused of treason by the British and imprisoned on a ship for transport to Great Britain . After escaping , he returned to American territory , settling again in Chicago by 1816 . He lived there the rest of his years .

William Noble Warbey ( 16 August 1903 – 6 May 1980 ) was a Labour Party politician in the United Kingdom . William Warbey was born in the then newly created Metropolitan Borough of Hackney in London . He first entered the House of Commons in the Labour landslide at the 1945 general election , as Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Luton in Bedfordshire . However , at the 1950 general election he lost his seat to the Conservative Party candidate Charles Hill , the former " radio doctor " . Warbey re - entered Parliament at a 1953 by - election for the Nottinghamshire constituency of Broxtowe , following the death of sitting Labour MP Seymour Cocks . However , that constituency was abolished for the 1955 general election , when Warbey was returned for the new Ashfield constituency . He held that seat until his retirement at the 1966 election . He died in Eastbourne aged 76 .

In 1916 - 1917 a series of letters by ` Abdu'l - Bahá , then head of the religion , asked the followers of the religion to take the religion to regions of Africa ; these letters were compiled together in the book titled Tablets of the Divine Plan . In 1929 Shoghi Effendi , then Guardian of the religion , was the first Bahá'í to visit the area . In 1953 several Bahá'ís settled in what was then South Rhodesia as pioneers . Along with indigenous conversions in 1955 the Bahá'ís formed the first Bahá'í Local Spiritual Assembly was formed in Harare . By the end of 1963 there were 9 assemblies and more smaller groups and isolated members of the religion . While still a colony of the United Kingdom , the Bahá'ís nevertheless organized a separate National Spiritual Assembly in 1964 . Though Rhodesia declared independence in 1965 , succeeding political developments and wars changed the status of the country and the National Assembly was reformed and has continued since 1970 while Zimbabwe regained independence in 1980 . By 2003 , the 50th anniversary of the Bahá'ís in Zimbabwe , a year of events across the country culminated with a conference of Bahá'ís from all provinces of Zimbabwe and nine countries . There were 43 local spiritual assemblies in 2003 .

Gauze is the first studio album released by Dir En Grey on July 28 , 1999 . It is the band 's first full - length record . Five tracks were produced by X Japan co - founder Yoshiki Hayashi , all of which had been previously released as singles . The album was originally released on July 28 , 1999 as a standard version with a thick CD case , 36-page booklet with the CD reading surface painted red , through East West Japan . An initial limited version was released on the same day , including a translucent red sleeve with a cloud pattern , 12-page picture booklet , a 36-page lyrics booklet , and the red painted CD in a maxi - CD single case for a sticker price of ¥ 3,059 ( $ ) . The album was later re - issued as standard version only , with a silver disc on October 31 , 2001 , through Free - Will . Although live performances of songs from this album have been extremely rare since 2003 , the album still contains some of the band 's most popular songs like " Cage " and " Yokan " . The lyrics booklet features two pages for each song ; one features the lyrics , while the facing page features a picture and a small poem or verse , as a companion piece .

Operation Mobile ( ) was the name given to Canadian Forces activities in the 2011 military intervention in Libya . The United States ' counterpart to this was Operation Odyssey Dawn , the French counterpart was Opération Harmattan and the British counterpart was Operation Ellamy . The no - fly zone was proposed during the Libyan Civil War to prevent government forces loyal to Muammar Gaddafi from carrying out air attacks on anti - Gaddafi forces and civilians . The demonstrations in Libya were part of the larger Arab Spring movement that began in the country of Tunisia on 18 December 2010 . When demonstrations began in Libya , the government of Muammar Gaddafi responded with systematic attacks by air and ground forces , and repression of the protesters . In a speech , Gaddafi promised to chase down the protesters and cleanse the country " house by house " . Several countries prepared to take immediate military action at a conference in Paris on 19 March . The no - fly zone was enforced by NATO 's Operation Unified Protector . NATO took sole command of all operations in Libya from 06:00 GMT on 31 March , which effectively ended the U.S. Operation Odyssey Dawn , as all U.S. operations were absorbed into NATO 's Unified Protector . The Canadian contribution continued to fall under Operation Mobile , which ceased activities on 1 November 2011 .

An animal product is any material derived from the body of an animal . Examples are fat , flesh , blood , milk , eggs , and lesser known products , such as isinglass and rennet . Animal by - products , as defined by the USDA , are products harvested or manufactured from livestock other than muscle meat . In the EU , animal by - products ( ABPs ) are defined somewhat more broadly , as materials from animals that people do not consume . Thus , chicken eggs for human consumption are considered by - products in the US but not France ; whereas eggs destined for animal feed are classified as animal by - products in both countries . This does not in itself reflect on the condition , safety , or " wholesomeness " of the product . Animal by - products are carcasses and parts of carcasses from slaughterhouses , animal shelters , zoos and veterinarians , and products of animal origin not intended for human consumption , including catering waste . These products may go through a process known as " rendering " to be made into human and non - human foodstuffs , fats , and other material that can be sold to make commercial products such as cosmetics , paint , cleaners , polishes , glue , soap and ink . The sale of animal by - products allows the meat industry to compete economically with industries selling sources of vegetable protein . Generally , products made from fossilized or decomposed animals , such as petroleum formed from the ancient remains of marine animals , are not considered animal products . Crops grown in soil fertilized with animal remains are rarely characterized as animal products . Several diets prohibit the inclusion of some animal products , including vegetarian , kosher , and halal . Other diets , such as veganism and the raw vegan diet , exclude any material of animal origin . In international trade legislation , the terminology products of animal origin ( POAO ) is used .

The SR West Country and Battle of Britain classes , collectively known as Light Pacifics or informally as Spam Cans , are air - smoothed 4 - 6 - 2 Pacific steam locomotives designed for the Southern Railway by its Chief Mechanical Engineer Oliver Bulleid . Incorporating a number of new developments in British steam locomotive technology , they were amongst the first British designs to use welding in the construction process , and to use steel fireboxes , which meant that components could be more easily constructed under wartime austerity and post - war economy . They were designed to be lighter in weight than their sister locomotives , the Merchant Navy class , to permit use on a wider variety of routes , including in the south - west of England and the Kent coast . They were a mixed - traffic design , being equally adept at hauling passenger and freight trains , and were used on all types of services , frequently far below their capabilities . A total of 110   locomotives were constructed between 1945 and 1950 , named after West Country resorts or Royal Air Force ( RAF ) and other subjects associated with the Battle of Britain . Due to problems with some of the new features , such as the Bulleid chain - driven valve gear , sixty locomotives were rebuilt by British Railways during the late 1950s . This produced a design highly similar to the rebuilt Merchant Navy class . The classes operated until July 1967 , when the last steam locomotives on the Southern Region were withdrawn . Although most were scrapped , twenty locomotives found new homes on heritage railways in Britain .

New Creek Mountain is a mountain ridge of the Ridge - and - Valley Appalachians in Grant and Mineral counties in the U.S. state of West Virginia . The mountain is named for New Creek which rises and flows along its western flanks . It is part of the Wills Mountain Anticline , with Knobly Mountain along its eastern flank . The Allegheny Front rises steeply to the west of New Creek Mountain . Oriskany ( Ridgeley ) sandstone cliffs ring the entire mountain . Saddle Mountain , prominent in the view eastward from the Skyland Overlook on U.S. 50 , is a saddle - shaped dip in the mountain 's ridgecrest . The New Creek Mountain Cliffs are high , lining a great cleft in the mountain that rivals the famed Franconia Notch of New England .

The term " Anarchy at Samarra " refers to the period 861 – 870 in the history of the Abbasid Caliphate , which was marked by extreme internal instability and the violent succession of four caliphs , who became puppets in the hands of powerful rival military groups . The term derives from the then capital and seat of the caliphal court , Samarra . The " anarchy " began in 861 , with the murder of Caliph al - Mutawakkil by his Turkish guards . His successor , al - Muntasir , ruled for six months before his death , possibly poisoned by the Turkish military chiefs . He was succeeded by al - Musta'in . Divisions within the Turkish military leadership enabled Musta'in to flee to Baghdad in 865 with the support of some Turkish chiefs ( Bugha the Younger and Wasif ) and the Tahirids , but the rest of the Turkish army chose a new caliph in the person of al - Mu'tazz and besieged Baghdad , forcing the city 's capitulation in 866 . Musta'in was exiled and executed . Mu'tazz was able and energetic , and tried to control the military chiefs and exclude the military from civil administration . His policies were resisted , and in July 869 he too was deposed and killed . His successor , al - Muhtadi , also tried to reaffirm the Caliph 's authority , but he too was killed in June 870 . With Muhtadi 's death and the ascension of al - Mu'tamid , the Turkish faction around Musa ibn Bugha , closely associated with Mu'tamid 's brother and regent al - Muwaffaq , became dominant in the caliphal court , ending the " anarchy " . Although the Abbasid Caliphate was able to stage a modest recovery in the following decades , the troubles of the " Anarchy at Samarra " inflicted great and lasting damage on the structures and prestige of the Abbasid central government , encouraging and facilitating secessionist and rebellious tendencies in the Caliphate 's provinces .

The MAS Region ( ) , known until 2014 as Broad Social Movement ( , MAS ) is a Chilean left - wing political party founded by Alejandro Navarro in 2008 . The party is created as a political movement in 2008 , by Senator Alejandro Navarro , after the then member of the Socialist Party ( PS ) began to feel poorly represented both by his party ( which was then headed by Camilo Escalona ) as the Concertacion , political coalition that owns the PS . The party is inspired by the Socialism of the 21st century . In 2009 , after a failed presidential campaign , Navarro and the MAS members offer support to candidate Marco Enríquez - Ominami . For the presidential election of 2013 , however , announced it will support Michelle Bachelet ( PS ) , representative of the former Concertacion . Currently participating in the electoral coalition Nueva Mayoría . Some members did not support this decision and formed the United Left . In 2014 it merged with the Northern Force Party , led by the mayor of Iquique , Jorge Soria , to form MAS Region . In 2016 , Senator Navarro resigned the party and the Nueva Mayoría to form the new País party .

Gazmend Pula ( born in Pristina , Kosovo ) is a Kosovar - Albanian intellectual , human rights campaigner , and is Kosovar ambassador to Albania . He is the founder of the Kosovo Helsinki Committee for Human Rights based in Pristina , and has been active in the struggle for the advancement of political and civil liberties in Kosovo , for which he was awarded the US and EU Democracy and Civil Society Award in 1998 . In addition to his civic and political engagements , he holds a PhD in Electrical Engineering , and is the author of two books on electrical engineering . Prior to being appointed ambassador by the President of Kosovo , he held the title of Associate Professor in the University of Pristina , Cathedra for Production and Transmission of Electrical Energy . He is married and is the father of two children .

The Kingdom of Africa was an extension of the frontier zone of the Siculo - Norman state in the former Roman province of Africa ( Ifrīqiya in Tunisian Arabic ) , corresponding to Tunisia and parts of Algeria and Libya today . The main primary sources for the kingdom are Arabic ( Muslim ) ; the Latin ( Christian ) sources are scanter . According to Hubert Houben , since " Africa " was never mentioned in the royal title of the kings of Sicily , " one ought not to speak of a ‘ Norman kingdom of Africa’ . " Rather , " [ Norman Africa ] really amounted to a constellation of Norman - held towns along coastal Ifrīqiya . " The Sicilian conquest of Africa began under Roger II in 1146 – 48 . Sicilian rule consisted of military garrisons in the major towns , exactions on the local Muslim population , protection of Christians , and the minting of coin . The local aristocracy was largely left in place , and Muslim princes controlled the civil government under Sicilian oversight . Economic connections between Sicily and Africa , which were strong before the conquest , were strengthened , while ties between Africa and northern Italy were expanded . Early in the reign of William I , the Kingdom of Africa fell to the Almohad Caliphate ( 1158 – 60 ) . Its most enduring legacy was the realignment of Mediterranean powers brought about by its demise and the Siculo - Almohad peace finalised in 1180 .

Las Supremas de Móstoles ( or The Supremes of Móstoles , in English ) is a Spanish pop band made up of three sisters : twins Vicky and Luisi ( born 1958 ) and younger sister Susi ( born 1963 ) . They gained notoriety when they participated in Eurovisión 2005 : Elige nuestra canción , the contest broadcast by TVE on 4 March and 5 March 2005 to choose the Spanish entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2005 , with the song " Eres un enfermo " ( You are a pervert ) . The song 's lyrics tell the story of a woman who has grown tired of her husband 's addiction to cybersex . They finally ranked second with 21.8 percent of the votes ; another sister trio , Son de Sol , were first with 24.2 % and were selected to represent Spain at Eurovision . Although " Eres un enfermo " was the first single they released , they previously worked as chorus girls for many singers like El Fary , Paulina Rubio , Los Del Río , Paloma San Basilio , José Vélez , Tam Tam Go , Camilo Sesto and Sergio Dalma , among others .

Francisco de Osona , also Francisco de Osona the Younger , ( c.1465–c.1514 ) was a Spanish Renaissance painter . Francisco was born in Valencia . There has been some confusion between Francisco and his father Rodrigo de Osona . Father and son worked closely together in their workshop in Valencia , therefore works are often attributed to both , although some assumptions are made that Francisco was more open to what was newer styles and forms in Italy . However , while the activity of Rodrigo ended with his death in 1518 , Francisco died before him much younger in 1514 . The second table of the Epiphany , preserved in London , is signed by " The teacher 's son Rodrigo " , in which , on the contrary , there seems to have more traditional trend seen in the works of the father . Francisco has been credited with Christ before Pilate in the Museu de Belles Arts de València , as well as The Adoration of the Magi in the Victoria and Albert Museum . The work of two Osona artists , along with Paolo de San Leocadio , form the basis for Spanish classicism in painting .

The PPG tankette ( , literally " mobile machine - gun nest " ) , also known by the prototype name Obiekt 217 , was a Soviet tankette produced for fighting in Finland . This vehicle never saw combat . Soviet infantry took huge losses attacking Finnish fortifications in the Winter War . To compensate , they sometimes assaulted them in armoured sledges towed by tanks . The PPG tankette was an attempt to create an infantry carrier to fulfil this role . About a hundred were produced at the Kirov Factory in Leningrad in 1940 and rushed to the front , but did n't make it to Finland in time to be used in combat . The PPG tankette had partial armoured cover of 5 to 8   mm thickness protecting the front and sides , for two infantrymen riding in a prone position . It was armed with two 7.62 mm DT machine guns with 1,575 rounds . The tankette was powered by a engine PMZ two - stroke , 2-cylinder , liquid cooled petrol engine of 16 hp allowing it to reach a speed of about 18   km / h on and 7 km/h off roads while weighed 1.73 tonnes .

The Leopold Mozart Centre ( German : ( LMZ ) in Augsburg , Germany , is a university of music , founded as part of the University of Augsburg in 2008 . It is located in the buildings of the former Musikhochschule as well as buildings on the university campus . The Leopold Mozart Centre was founded after the model of the Hochschule für Musik Mainz as part of the University of Mainz . It is focused on the interchange of music and science , offering music pedagogy , music therapy , mental training and improvisation , among others . The centre offers the common artistic and pedagogical bachelor and master courses such as string instruments , keyboard instruments , voice , wind instruments , percussion , conducting and musicology . All studies include elementary courses in psychology , sociology and political studies . The Collegium Musicum offers possibilities of music making in groups such as the orchestra , choir , chamber choir , big band , and various chamber music ensembles .

Kostal Cone , also called Kostal Volcano and Fire Mountain , is a young cinder cone in Wells Gray Provincial Park in east - central British Columbia , Canada . It rises from the northeast shore of Kostal Lake in the Cariboo Mountains . With an elevation of , Kostal Cone is one of the lowest volcanoes in the Wells Gray - Clearwater volcanic field . There has been activity at this site as recently as 7,600 years ago , though more likely less than 1,000 years ago . Kostal Cone is too young for the commonly used potassium - argon dating technique ( usable on specimens over 100,000 years old ) , and no charred organic material for radiocarbon dating has been found . However , the uneroded structure of the cone with the existence of trees on its flanks and summit have it an area for dendrochronology studies , which reveals the growth of tree - ring patterns . Tree - growth data has revealed an age of 400 years for Kostal Cone , making it the youngest volcano in the Wells Gray - Clearwater volcanic field and one of the youngest volcanoes in Canada . Kostal Cone is made of fragmented and solidified lava called cinder and its summit contains a bowl - shaped crater . Kostal 's cinders were ejected by lava fountain eruptions and accumulated around the volcano 's vent in the shape of a cone when they fell back around its surroundings . Lava flows from Kostal 's 400 BP eruption are basaltic in composition and forms a lava bed . It is an example of volcanic activity that has occurred in the Wells Gray - Clearwater volcanic field since the last glacial period ; others include the Dragon 's Tongue lava flow from Dragon Cone just north of Kostal Cone and the Flourmill Volcanoes north of Mahood Lake .

Fanny Geefs ( 1807 – 1883 ) was a Belgian painter of Irish descent . Born Isabelle Marie Françoise Corr in either Dublin or Brussels , she studied art as a child . In the 1830s she studied with François - Joseph Navez . As well as portraiture , she painted religious and historical scenes such as Our Lady Appearing to the Oppressed which hangs in the Church of the Holy Family in Schaerbeek . She married successful sculptor Guillaume Geefs in 1836 . She worked on commissions for the Belgian royal family , including several portraits of Queen Louise - Marie . Her triptych The life of a woman : Pity - Love - Sorrow was an influence on Charlotte Brontë , in particular her autobiographical novel Villette , set in Brussels . On her death in 1883 the Royal Library of Belgium purchased a large collection of her works .

The yellow - faced honeyeater ( Caligavis chrysops ) is a medium - small bird in the honeyeater family , Meliphagidae . It takes both its common name and scientific name from the distinctive yellow stripes on the sides of its head . Its loud clear call often begins twenty or thirty minutes before dawn . It is widespread across eastern and south eastern Australia , in open sclerophyll forests from coastal dunes to high - altitude subalpine areas , and woodlands along creeks and rivers . Comparatively short - billed for a honeyeater , it is thought to have adapted to a diet of flies , spiders , and beetles , as well as nectar and pollen from the flowers of plants such as Banksia and Grevillea , and soft fruits . It catches insects in flight as well as gleaning them from the foliage of trees and shrubs . While some yellow - faced honeyeaters are sedentary , hundreds of thousands migrate northwards between March and May to spend the winter in southern Queensland and return in July and August to breed in southern New South Wales and Victoria . They form socially monogamous pairs and lay two or three eggs in a delicate cup - shaped nest . While the success rate can be low , the pairs nest several times during the breeding season . Honeyeaters ' preferred woodland habitat is vulnerable to the effects of land clearing , grazing , and weeds . However , as it is common and widespread , the yellow - faced honeyeater is considered by the International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) to be of least concern for conservation . It is considered a pest in orchards in some areas .

Marella Explorer is a Century - class cruise ship owned and operated by Marella Cruises . Before joining TUI she cruised as MV Galaxy with Celebrity Cruises , and later as Mein Schiff with TUI Cruises . She was laid down at the Meyer Werft shipyard in Papenburg , Germany , on 25May 1995 , was launched in May 1996 , and was delivered to Celebrity Cruises on 10October 1996 . She entered service on 21December 1996 . In 2008 , after some twelve years of service as Galaxy , she was renamed Celebrity Galaxy . In May 2009 , she was transferred to the fleet of TUI Cruises , a joint venture between TUI AG and Celebrity Cruises ' owner Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. She was renamed Mein Schiff ( ) on 15 May 2009 , and Mein Schiff 1 in November 2010 .

The siege of Fushimi was a crucial battle in the series leading up to the decisive Battle of Sekigahara which ended Japan 's Sengoku period . Fushimi Castle was defended by a force loyal to Tokugawa Ieyasu 's Eastern army , led by Torii Mototada . Knowing of his inevitable defeat , Torii 's sacrifice diverted Ishida Mitsunari 's attention , and part of his Western army , away from his Nakasendō fortresses , which were attacked by Tokugawa during the siege of Fushimi . Ultimately , the castle fell , but served a crucial role in allowing for greater strategic victories by Tokugawa . Fushimi was originally built several years earlier , as a luxurious palace for Toyotomi Hideyoshi , but was destroyed by an earthquake in 1596 . Tokugawa Ieyasu rebuilt it and placed it under the care of Torii Mototada . As war with Ishida approached , Tokugawa saw that this would be a prime target for his enemies , as it stood quite close to Kyoto and guarded many of the approaches to , and past , the city . Visiting the castle , he discussed his fears with Torii , who assured his lord that he would be willing to sacrifice himself , and the castle , for the greater strategic gain of his lord . It is said he even suggested reducing the garrison , in order to free up warriors who could serve better purposes in other locations ; knowing the castle would fall anyway , he saw no need for the entire garrison to be sacrificed . Ishida 's army began their assault on 27 August , but made little progress for ten days . At one point , one of the towers was even lit on fire , but was soon put out by a member of the garrison , who lost his life in the process . Ultimately , a message was sent into the castle tied to an arrow , explaining that the besieging army had taken the wife and children of one of the defenders hostage , and would crucify them unless he betrayed his compatriots . Thus , on 8 September , one of the towers was set aflame from within the castle , and a number of Ishida 's men broke through . The central keep was then lit aflame , but Torii and his garrison continued to fight until all but ten had been killed . Torii and his family then committed suicide , his selfless sacrifice coming to be known later as a great example of samurai loyalty and honor . The castle would be regained by Tokugawa soon afterwards , following his victory at Sekigahara . The wooden floors from Fushimi Castle were moved to a Buddhist temple , Yōgen - in , also in Kyoto , where they were made into a ceiling . The bloodstained ceiling is still visible in the temple , and records from the period identify Torii 's body / stains as well as those of his retainers .

Amayak Zakharovich Kobulov (; 1906 - 1955 ) was a Soviet politician and member of the Soviet security and police apparatus during and briefly after the Joseph Stalin years , as was his older brother Bogdan Kobulov . In the history of Soviet espionage he is noted for his stint in Berlin as chief of the Main Directorate of State Security Foreign Branch 's rezidentura from September 1939 until June 1941 . While in Berlin , in August 1940 , he recruited a Latvian journalist , Orest Berlinks ( codenamed by the Soviets " Litseist " ) , who , in fact , was used by the Germans as a channel of disinformation and might have played a role in solidifying Stalin 's belief that Adolf Hitler did not intend to attack the USSR in the spring of 1941 . From July 1941 to January 1945 , he was NKVD chief in Uzbekistan . In 1944 , as People 's Commissar of Internal Affairs of Uzbekistan , he made administrative and logistical arrangements for the reception of the deported Crimean Tatars in Uzbekistan . He was arrested in 1953 , sentenced to death on October 1 , 1954 , and shot on February 2 , 1955 .

Stuart O'Grady ( born 6 August 1973 ) is a retired Australian professional road bicycle racer , who rode as a professional between 1995 and 2013 . A former track cyclist , O'Grady and Graeme Brown won a gold medal in the Men 's Madison at the 2004 Summer Olympics . O'Grady also won Paris – Roubaix in 2007 . O'Grady competed in the Tour de France from 1997 and contended for the points classification in the Tour de France known as the green jersey , finishing second in the 1998 , 1999 , 2001 and 2005 races . He wore the yellow jersey of general classification leader in 1998 and 2001 . With his participation in the 2013 Tour de France , he tied George Hincapie 's record of 17 participations in the Tour de France . However , Hincapie was removed from three of his 17 starts for his part in the Lance Armstrong doping scandal , and O'Grady himself admitted having been assisted by illicit erythropoietin ( EPO ) use at least on the 1998 Tour de France ( the Dutchman Joop Zoetemelk holds the absolute records of completed Tours de France , with 16 from 1970   – 1986 ) . He was awarded the Order of Australia Medal .

Mario , who serves as Nintendo 's mascot , is a fictional character created by game designer Shigeru Miyamoto and voiced by Charles Martinet . This is a list of video games where the character Mario plays a part , either as the protagonist , antagonist , supporting character , as part of an ensemble cast , as a cameo , or in a game within a game . It does not include simple references to the character , such as the portraits of Mario found in and . The year indicated is the year the game was first released , most commonly in Japan ; games were sometimes released years later in other regions of the world . The list includes ports , remakes and compilations , but not Virtual Console re - releases .

The film consists of several interviews with the women who part of the professional and personal lives of the German film director Rainer Werner Fassbinder . These include : Hanna Schygulla , the director 's favorite actress ; Ursula Strätz , who founded the Munich Action Theater , where Fassbinder began his career on the stage and actresses Barbara Valentin and Brigitte Mira , the star of Fassbinder ’s Fear Eats the Soul . Four of the director ’s male collaborators : assistant director Harry Baer ; cinematographer Michael Ballhaus ; musician Peer Raben and producer Peter Berling , also talk about Fassbinder 's working methods and personality . The film opens with actress Irm Hermann , who worked in nineteen films with Fassbinder while he made life a living hell for her . Juliane Lorenz , Fassbinder ’s last female partner , film editor and executor of his estate after his death , is also interviewed . Fassbinder ’s ex - wife , actress and singer Ingrid Caven , briefly talks about him in a phone conversation . Missing from the lineup are onscreen collaborators Margit Carstensen and Barbara Sukowa . There are no clips from Fassbinder ’s films .

Dave Foster is an American musician who was the third drummer for the grunge rock band Nirvana . He was fired after playing only a couple of performances with the band , mostly because of his inability to attend rehearsal sessions regularly . Foster lived hours away from Kurt Cobain and bassist Krist Novoselic back in Aberdeen , Washington , which required the men to pick Foster up and bring him to the band 's rehearsal space in Tacoma . Based on Cobain 's own account , this made band practices complicated . According to Charles R. Cross in his 2001 Cobain biography Heavier Than Heaven , Cobain 's final straw with Foster came after Foster was arrested for assaulting the son of the mayor of Cosmopolis , Washington , which landed him in jail for two weeks , and caused him to have his driver 's license revoked , and being fined thousands of dollars in the victim 's medical expenses . Neither Cobain nor Novoselic informed Foster directly of his termination . According to Cross , Foster realized he was out of the band when he saw an advertisement for an upcoming Butthole Surfers show featuring Nirvana as the opening act . A lengthy termination note addressed to Foster was included , unsent , in Kurt Cobain 's published Journals , which while praising Foster 's drumming , also bemoans the difference in cultural background between Foster and Cobain , who both were Aberdeen natives . After being fired from Nirvana , Foster played with the bands Suckerpunch , Psycho Samaritan and Helltrout . He can be heard as a guest drummer on the Mico de Noche album called Cherries ( he plays on " Dirty Unicorn " and " Tu 's Place " ) .

CPR Alyth ( Calgary ) Yard is a Class 1 railway facility in the neighbourhood of Alyth , southeast of downtown Calgary , Alberta . One of Canadian Pacific Railway 's main marshalling yards in Canada , it primarily serves as a rail car repair shop and diesel locomotive servicing facilities on site . The yard is CPR 's busiest in Western Canada and is home terminal to crews operating north to Red Deer , Alberta , and west to Field , British Columbia , through the Spiral Tunnels . The hump classification yard facility has been removed and trains are now made up by switching within the yard . Alyth Yard is designed to handle approximately 2200 rail cars at 100 % capacity , and is supported by satellite yards in Ogden Park , the Industrial Yard Office ( IYO ) and the Calgary Intermodal Facility at Sheppard .

All That Jazz is a 1979 American musical drama film directed by Bob Fosse . The screenplay , by Robert Alan Aurthur and Fosse , is a semi - autobiographical fantasy based on aspects of Fosse 's life and career as a dancer , choreographer and director . The film was inspired by Fosse 's manic effort to edit his film Lenny while simultaneously staging the 1975 Broadway musical Chicago . It borrows its title from the Kander and Ebb tune " All That Jazz " in that production . The film won the Palme d'Or at the 1980 Cannes Film Festival . In 2001 , All That Jazz was deemed " culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant " by the United States Library of Congress and selected for preservation in the National Film Registry .

The Bank of Credit and Commerce International ( BCCI ) was an international bank founded in 1972 by Agha Hasan Abedi , a Pakistani financier . The Bank was registered in Luxembourg with head offices in Karachi and London . A decade after opening , BCCI had over 400 branches in 78 countries , and assets in excess of US$ 20 billion , making it the 7th largest private bank in the world . BCCI came under the scrutiny of numerous financial regulators and intelligence agencies in the 1980s due to concerns that it was poorly regulated . Subsequent investigations revealed that it was involved in massive money laundering and other financial crimes , and illegally gained the controlling interest in a major American bank . BCCI became the focus of a massive regulatory battle in 1991 , and , on 5 July of that year , customs and bank regulators in seven countries raided and locked down records of its branch offices . Investigators in the United States and the UK revealed that BCCI had been " set up deliberately to avoid centralized regulatory review , and operated extensively in bank secrecy jurisdictions . Its affairs were extraordinarily complex . Its officers were sophisticated international bankers whose apparent objective was to keep their affairs secret , to commit fraud on a massive scale , and to avoid detection " . The liquidators , Deloitte & Touche , filed a lawsuit against the bank 's auditors , Price Waterhouse and Ernst & Young , which was settled for $ 175 million in 1998 . By 2013 , Deloitte & Touche claimed to have recovered about 75 % of the creditors ' lost money .

Mackinac Island State Park is a state park located on Mackinac Island in the U.S. state of Michigan . The island park encompasses 2.81   mi² ( 7.28   km² ) , which is approximately 80 % of the island 's total area of 3.78   mi² ( 9.78   km² ) . The park is also within the boundaries of the city of Mackinac Island and has permanent residents within its boundaries . M-185 circles the perimeter of the park as the only motorless highway in the state due to the island 's ban of automobiles . The park is governed by the Michigan Department of Natural Resources and the Mackinac Island State Park Commission . On July 15 , 2009 , the park celebrated its 20 millionth visitor . The park was first established as Mackinac National Park in 1875 , which was the second national park established in the United States after Yellowstone National Park . In 1895 , it was transferred to state control and reorganized as Mackinac Island State Park , which was the first state park in Michigan . The park contains many important historical and geological features , such as Fort Mackinac , Fort Holmes , other historic buildings , historic sites , limestone caves , and other unique rock formations . The park also operates the Mackinac Island Airport . Many of these sites are formally operated by the Mackinac Island State Park Commission , which also operates two other parks around the Straits of Mackinac area : Colonial Michilimackinac and Historic Mill Creek Discovery Park .

" Back & Forth " is the debut single performed by singer Aaliyah for her debut studio album Age Ai n't Nothing but a Number . The song was written and produced by R&B ; singer R. Kelly , and chronicles a teenage girl 's excitement to celebrate the weekend by going to a party and having fun with her friends . The music video for the song was shot in her hometown of Detroit and features Aaliyah and Kelly performing in a gym with her real - life friends from high school . Kelly performs the rap in the song . The song was released as the album 's lead single in early 1994 ( see 1994 in music ) . It sold 700,000 copies domestically , earning a gold certification from the RIAA on June 9 , 1994 . It spent three weeks at number - one on the U.S. Billboard Hot R&B ; Songs chart , and peaked at number 5 on the Billboard Hot 100 , becoming her first single to hit the top - ten . The single was ranked second on the year - end chart of Hot R&B;/Hip Hop Songs .

Jaja Anucha Wachuku ( 1 January 1918 – 7 November 1996 ) , a Royal Prince of Ngwaland , " descendant of 20 generations of African chiefs in the Igbo country of Eastern Nigeria " , was a Pan - Africanist , and a Nigerian statesman , lawyer , politician , diplomat and humanitarian . He was the first Speaker of the Nigerian House of Representatives , as well as first Nigerian Ambassador and Permanent Representative to the United Nations . Wachuku was also the first Nigerian Minister of Foreign Affairs . At a time when the United States government had already listed Nelson Mandela as a terrorist , Jaja Wachuku , who was " widely respected " as Foreign Affairs Minister of Nigeria intervened with the South African government and helped save Nelson Mandela and others from the death penalty at the 1963 – 64 Rivonia Trial . On Thursday 30 September 2010 , President Goodluck Jonathan of Nigeria conferred on Wachuku a posthumous special Golden Jubilee Independence Anniversary Award for his outstanding contributions towards the development of Nigeria . Also , for the 1 January 2014 100-year anniversary of Nigeria , having been nominated for exceptional recognition by the Presidential Committee on the Centenary Celebrations , Wachuku was , on Friday 28 February 2014 , honoured as a Hero of the Struggle for Nigeria 's Independence from Great Britain and a Pioneer Political Leader by President Goodluck Jonathan .

George Harrison Shull ( April 15 , 1874 – September 28 , 1954 ) was an eminent American plant geneticist and the younger brother of botanical illustrator and plant breeder J. Marion Shull . He was born on a farm in Clark County , Ohio , graduated from Antioch College in 1901 and from the University of Chicago ( Ph.D. ) in 1904 , served as botanical expert to the Bureau of Plant Industry in 1903 - 04 , and thenceforth was a botanical investigator of the Carnegie Institution at the Station for Experimental Evolution , Cold Spring Harbor , N. Y. , giving special attention to the results of Luther Burbank 's work . Shull played an important role in the development of hybrid maize ( in the USA , popularly ' corn ' ) which had great impact upon global agriculture . As a geneticist , Shull worked with maize plants . He was interested in pure breeds not for their economic value but for his experiments in genetics . He produced maize breeds that bred true and then crossed these strains . The hybrid offspring of the sickly pure breeds were vigorous and predictable . In short , an ideal economic maize resulted from a project motivated purely to advance science . For his work on maize , Shull was awarded the Public Welfare Medal from the National Academy of Sciences in 1948 . He also described heterosis in maize in 1908 ( the term heterosis was coined by Shull in 1914 ) and made a number of other key discoveries in the emerging field of genetics . Shull was the founder of the scientific journal Genetics . He was called George in distinction from his son Harrison Shull ( 1923–2003 ) , also a distinguished scientist , specializing in the quantum mechanics of small - molecule electronic spectra .

I Am Ready is American country music artist Steve Wariner 's tenth full - length album . It was released in 1991 on Arista Records as his first for the label , following his departure from MCA Records . Singles from the album include " Leave Him Out of This " , " The Tips of My Fingers " ( a cover of Bill Anderson 's 1960 hit ) , " A Woman Loves " , " Crash Course in the Blues " and " Like a River to the Sea " . Respectively , these reached # 6 , # 3 , # 9 , # 32 and # 30 on the Billboard country charts . The album was certified gold by the RIAA , and was Wariner 's first album to achieve that certification .

Chalmette High School is a high school in the Chalmette area of unincorporated St. Bernard Parish , Louisiana , United States . It is a part of St. Bernard Parish Public Schools . Chalmette High School opened in 1954 at the current site of Chalmette Elementary School , previously known as Chalmette Middle School . In 1962 , the school moved to the current location on the corner of Palmisano Avenue and Judge Perez Drive . On August 29 , 2005 , Hurricane Katrina flooded the school , which was being used as an emergency shelter , along with the rest of the Greater New Orleans area . Chalmette High hosted the St. Bernard Unified School , before reopening as Chalmette High School for the 2006 - 2007 school year . In 2009 , U.S. News magazine released their rankings of the best high schools in America , based on test scores and other factors . Chalmette earned a bronze medal as one of 39 schools in Louisiana to make the list .

Greystoke : The Legend of Tarzan , Lord of the Apes is a 1984 British Technicolor adventure film directed by Hugh Hudson and based on Edgar Rice Burroughs ' novel Tarzan of the Apes ( 1912 ) . Christopher Lambert stars as Tarzan ( though the name Tarzan is never used in the film 's dialogue ) and Andie MacDowell as Jane ; the cast also includes Ralph Richardson ( in his final film appearance ) , Ian Holm , James Fox , Cheryl Campbell , and Ian Charleson . The film received a mixed - to - positive critical reception upon its release , with many praising the film as a welcome return of Tarzan to the silver screen after 1981 's Tarzan , the Ape Man starring Bo Derek . Greystoke went on to receive three Academy Award nominations at the 57th Academy Awards ceremony for Best Actor in a Supporting Role for Richardson , Best Writing , Screenplay Based on Material from Another Medium , and Best Makeup . It became the first ever Tarzan feature film to be nominated for an Academy Award ; the later Disney animated feature film adaptation became the first one to win an Academy Award .

Bozburun is a small seaside town with own municipality in Marmaris district , in southwestern Turkey . The permanent population is about 2000 . It is situated on the coast of the peninsula of the same name ( Bozburun Peninsula ) which extends in parallel to Datça Peninsula in the south . The town faces across the sea the town of Datça and the Greek island of Symi ( Sömbeki in Turkish ) Although quieter than Marmaris bay 's two centers of tourism of international renown ( Marmaris and İçmeler ) , Bozburun is a precious discovery for visitors who take the good but curvy road about further in partance of Marmaris , due to its natural beauties and the exceptional flora . Tourism , fishing , sponge diving and apiculture are the main means of livelihood for its inhabitants . Its thyme honey is famous across Turkey . It has a small yet lovely harbor is also one of the key stops on the popular nautical tourism route of Blue Cruise . Its pristine sea is surrounded by coves . Bozburun is also well known in the region for its expert construction gulets , on a par with Bodrum and Güllük . In ancient times , Bozburun region was famous for its marble quarries , which is at the origin of one of the explanations given for the name Marmaris . The quarries were in activity until the times of the 19th century traveller Charles Texier who mentions them . Marble has been a very important export product for the entire region of present - day Muğla Province since ages , with rich reserves starting from ancient Knidos at the tip of Datça Peninsula to inland Kavaklıdere 's modern installations in full activity in our day . There are no quarries in Bozburun presently , but research is being pursued , sometimes also by referring to historic documents and traces , to locate them .

" ( I 'm ) Confessin ' ( that I Love You ) " ( also known as " Confessin ' , " " I 'm Confessin ' , " and " Confessin ' that I Love You " ) is a jazz and popular standard that has been recorded many times . The song was first produced with different lyrics as " Lookin ' For Another Sweetie , " credited to Chris Smith and Sterling Grant , and recorded by Thomas " Fats " Waller & His Babies on December 18 , 1929 . In 1930 it was reborn as " Confessin ' , " with new lyrics by Al Neiburg , and with the music this time credited to Doc Daugherty and Ellis Reynolds . Louis Armstrong made his first , and highly influential , recording of the song in August 1930 , and continued to play it throughout his career . Other important recorded versions in the United States were done by Chester Gaylord ( 1930 ) , Guy Lombardo ( 1930 ) , Rudy Vallee ( 1930 ) , Perry Como ( 1945 ) , Les Paul and Mary Ford ( 1952 ) , and Anne Murray ( 1993 ) . The song was also a number one hit for Frank Ifield in the United Kingdom and Ireland in 1963 . Dizzy Gillespie recorded a version titled " Pop 's Confessin ' " in which he imitated the vocal and trumpet style of Louis Armstrong .

Princessa , born Mónica Capel Cruz , is a Spanish pop / dance singer . Born on 18 May 1975 , she first became known for her participation in " World On Ice " in Madrid and in Spain 's Gran Circo Mundial . She was discovered by producer Frank Peterson at the age of 16 and a few years later recorded her first album . She has produced three full - length records released in Europe and Japan , and a fourth , All I Want , is in production , having released the title single . Princessa recorded a cover version of Valerie Dore 's The Night on her self - titled debut . She came back in 2014 with a two date tour in Finland . A new and bigger tour in 2015 in Finland was done at summer .

Q Planes ( known as Clouds Over Europe in the United States ) is a 1939 British comedy spy film starring Ralph Richardson , Laurence Olivier and Valerie Hobson . Olivier and Richardson were a decade into their 50-year friendship and theatrical collaboration and had just completed Othello , with Richardson in the title role and Olivier as Iago , when this film was made . The film was produced by Irving Asher , an American , with British film impresario Alexander Korda as executive producer . The name Q Planes may have been derived from the British " Q - ships " , armed ships disguised as merchantmen , used in the First World War as decoys to lure German U - boats . The film was directed by American director Tim Whelan ( Sidewalks of London and later in 1940 , co - director of The Thief of Bagdad ) , who had been in Britain since 1932 , working for Korda at Denham Studios .

The Table Rock Welcome Centre ( also known as Table Rock Centre and formerly as Table Rock House ) is a retail and observation complex located in Niagara Falls , Ontario , Canada at the brink of the Canadian Horseshoe Falls , several hundred feet south of the former rock formation which bears its name . The complex consists of two buildings connected by an indoor pedestrian mall and anchored by " The Grand Hall " , a multi - level indoor observation complex , completed in 2008 . The north building , originally constructed in 1926 , houses a first - floor retail store and the Welcome Centre , Niagara 's Fury , a whitewater simulation , plus the ticket offices for the tunnels Journey Behind the Falls attraction . The upper level contains multiple specialty stores , a currency exchange , and additional outdoor observation plaza . The south building , constructed in 1974 , has a first - floor fast food snack bar , additional retail space , and a second - floor , semi - formal restaurant overlooking the Horseshoe Falls and the upper Niagara River . Owned and operated by the Niagara Parks Commission , Table Rock Centre provides the best direct path from the Horseshoe Falls observation area to the Falls Incline Railway ( courtesy of a new bridge constructed in 2008 spanning the Niagara Parkway ) , which transports passengers to the Fallsview Tourist Area above the Niagara Escarpment .

The Brenner Base Tunnel (; ) is a planned railway tunnel through the base of the Eastern Alps beneath the Brenner Pass . It will run from near Innsbruck , in Austria , to Fortezza , in Italy , replacing part of the current Brenner railway . The line is part of Line 1 , the Berlin to Palermo route , of Trans - European Transport Networks ( TEN - T ) . The Brenner Pass , in the Alps at the border between Austria and Italy , is one of the most important traffic connections between northern and southern Europe , and the motorway going over it is infamous for its frequent traffic jams . Pollution from this traffic is a major concern . The hope is to relieve this situation by greatly improving the railway connection between North Tyrol and South Tyrol with the new tunnel , which will allow trains to cross the Alps much faster . Currently , speeds in the Brenner region barely exceed due to the steepness of the existing tracks , which cross the pass at an elevation of 1,371 metres above sea level . The travel time from Innsbruck to Bolzano will be reduced from 2 hours to 50 minutes . The project is funded by Austria and Italy , and a contribution by the European Union . Due to the magnitude of the project ( it will be the world 's second - longest tunnel , after the Gotthard Base Tunnel ) , the funding promised so far will not suffice for the estimated costs . The tunnel was scheduled to be completed in 2025 .

Gypsy Honeymoon : The Best of Kim Carnes is a compilation album by Kim Carnes , released in 1993 . The album received a worldwide release and featured some tracks not previously released in the US or any European territories . Carnes picked the tracks herself . The title track , " Gypsy Honeymoon " , was released as a single in Europe , giving Carnes a minor hit in Germany ( # 65 ) where she returned to the charts after an 11-year gap . Collin Raye recorded a version of Gypsy Honeymoon on his 2002 album " Ca n't Back Down " . Carnes provided backing vocals for the track . Some of the tracks on the album such as " I 'll Be Here Where the Heart Is " and " Bette Davis Eyes " were newly mixed and do not sound exactly the same as their original release .

Slivo Pole ( , ) is a town in northeastern Bulgaria , part of Rousse Province . It is the administrative centre of the homonymous Slivo Pole Municipality , which lies in the northeastern part of the Province . The town is located five kilometres from the Danube , along the main road from Rousse to Silistra . As of December 2009 , it has a population of 3,169 inhabitants . Slivo Pole was proclaimed a town on 29 November 2002 . Tatars had settled in the area following the Crimean War ( 1853 – 1856 ) , as well as Bulgarians from Rousse and from Romania after 1863 . The village was known as Islepol and Slepovo and was officially named Slivo Pole ( " plum field " ) in 1912 , as it was called so by the travellers who would stay in the local inn which had a big plum orchard .

Adrian Chmielarz is a Polish designer , developer , and producer of computer games , and one of the most famous Polish video gaming figures , as well as one of the most divisive figures in the industry . He created the first Polish adventure game for the PC platform , entitled Tajemnica Statuetki . He began creating computer games in 1992 , and the following year he founded Metropolis Software with his friend Grzegorz Miechowski . His next projects Teenagent and Gorky 17 were published outside of Poland . Due to an internal conflict , he left Metropolis in 1999 . Founding People Can Fly in 2002 , Chmielarz went on to create the successful Painkiller , and a partnership with Epic Games led to the business acquiring People Can Fly in 2007 . After leaving that studio , he formed the company The Astronauts which released the title The Vanishing of Ethan Carter in 2014 .

Pierre Marsan ( born June 29 , 1948 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a Quebec politician . He was the member of National Assembly of Quebec for the riding of Robert - Baldwin for the Quebec Liberal Party . Marsan went to the Université du Québec à Montréal and obtained a bachelor 's degree in business administration and would add a master 's degree in health administration at Université de Montréal . He was a guest teacher in the faculty of administration at the Université de Montréal and was a director in hospital services at the Hotel - Dieu 's Saint - Jérôme Hospital . He was the general manager at the Montreal Heart Institute and the Hôpital du Sacré - Coeur . He was an assistant director at Santa Cabrini Hospital . He was also a board member for several institutions including the Montreal Heart Institute , the Epic Foundation , the Hôpital du Sacré Coeur Foundation and the president of the Association of Canadian Teaching Hospitals . Marsan was first elected in Robert - Baldwin in 1994 and was in charged for the electoral campaign program Pour un Quebec en Santé in 1998 . He was re - elected for a third term in 2003 and was the parliamentary secretary to the Minister of Health and Social Services and then the Secretary to Jean Charest . He was re - elected for a fourth term in 2007 and named the Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Immigration and Cultural Communities .

Paddington is a London Underground station served by the Circle and Hammersmith & City lines . It is located adjacent to the north side of Paddington mainline station and has entrances from within the mainline station and from Paddington Basin . The station is between Royal Oak and Edgware Road and is in London Fare Zone 1 . The station is one of two separate Underground stations of the same name . The other station , on Praed Street to the south of the mainline station , is served by the Bakerloo , Circle and District lines . Although shown on the London Underground map as a single station , the two stations are not directly linked and interchange between them is via the concourse of the mainline station .

Pipa Mountain Park ( also known as Pipashan Park , ) is a major urban park in the city of Chongqing . With an elevation of 345 meters , this park is the highest point of the Yuzhong District of Chongqing . The park used to be a private garden to Wang Lingji , the former KMT governor of Sichuan Province during Republic of China period . In 1955 , the garden started to open to public as an urban park . On the top of Pipa Mountain , there is a tall pagoda called Twin River Pagoda , on top of which people can view Yangtze River to the south and Jialing River to the north . This place is one of the best sites to view the night scene of Chongqing .

Cabinet of Radoman Božović was sworn in on December 23 , 1991 , after the previous cabinet under Dragutin Zelenović resigned due to economic failure . As a Prime Minister of Serbia he was a hardcore bureaucrat , under whom more than half of Serbian economy was under state ownership . After only 100 days in office , the inflation reached a shocking 10,000 % . His term was marked by a scandal in which two ministers from his cabinet were arrested , as well as his frequent arguments with opposition leader Vojislav Šešelj . On February 10 , 1993 , the new minority cabinet of Socialist Party of Serbia , supported by Serbian Radical Party , was formed as a result of the December 20 , 1992 parliamentary elections . Božović , himself a Socialist , opposed the support from the Radicals , so he refused another term . This new cabinet was formed by Nikola Šainović .

Corrientes International Airport ( ) , also known as Doctor Fernando Piragine Niveyro International Airport ( ) is an airport in Corrientes Province , Argentina , serving the city of Corrientes , built in 1961 while the terminal was completed in 1964 . A new terminal and a new control tower were constructed between 2009 and 2011 . The old buildings were demolished . It is also known as Aeropuerto de " Cambá Punta " . It is usual to fly from Corrientes and return to Resistencia because both airports are really close to each other . The same is true with Sauce Viejo Airport ( SFN – in Santa Fe City ) and General Justo José de Urquiza Airport ( PRA – in Paraná , Entre Ríos ) , which are apart . It has a passenger terminal . Alternative from Corrientes , it is Resistencia International Airport , in Resistencia , Chaco , which is to the west . Between April 2014 and October 2015 , Corrientes Airport was closed because of works at Runway 02/20 . Daily flight AR1782/82 was rescheduled to Resistencia International Airport . This was made using 737 - 800 instead of 737 - 700 during August of that year .

Qumran (; ) is an archaeological site in the West Bank managed by Israel 's Qumran National Park . It is located on a dry plateau about from the northwestern shore of the Dead Sea , near the Israeli settlement and kibbutz of Kalya . The Hellenistic period settlement was constructed during the reign of John Hyrcanus ( ) or somewhat later , and was occupied most of the time until it was destroyed by the Romans in or shortly after . It is best known as the settlement nearest to the Qumran Caves where the Dead Sea Scrolls were hidden , caves in the sheer desert cliffs and beneath , in the marl terrace . The principal excavations at Qumran were conducted by Roland de Vaux in the 1950s , though several later unearthings at the site have since been carried out .

Kristian Gullichsen ( born 29 September 1932 , Helsinki ) is a Finnish architect . The son of Harry and Maire Gullichsen he was born into a family of industrialists , designers and artists . His siblings are the renowned Finnish philosopher Lilli Alanen and Johan Gullichsen , a professor of engineering . Kristian Gullichsen has three sons and two daughters , one of the sons is the artist Alvar Gullichsen ( born 1961 ) . Gullichsen has been married twice ; his second wife is architect Kirsi Gullichsen ( née Parkkinen ) ( born 1964 ) . Kristian Gullichsen has been a member of the board of governors of the Alvar Aalto Academy and the committee of the Alvar Aalto Symposium . From 1988 to 1993 he held the title of Finnish State Artist Professor .

John Mitchell Vanderslice ( August 31 , 1846 - March 12 , 1915 ) was a United States soldier who fought for the Union Army during the American Civil War as a member of the 8th Pennsylvania Cavalry . He received his nation 's highest award for valor , the U.S. Medal of Honor , for being the first man to reach the rifle pits of the Confederate States Army during a charge made by his regiment on CSA fortifications in the Battle of Hatcher 's Run , Virginia on February 6 , 1865 . A practicing lawyer post - war , he also played an active part in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania 's memorialization of its role in the Civil War , persuading his fellow members of the Grand Army of the Republic and Gettysburg Battlefield Monument Association to place a small memorial stone at Little Round Top — the first of a series of monuments to be erected at the Gettysburg National Battlefield during the late 1800s and early 1900s . " During the late 1800s , he also researched and published his book , Gettysburg Then and Now : The Field of American Valor , Where and How the Regiments Fought and the Troops They Encountered .

The Vaal Triangle is a triangular area formed by Vereeniging , Vanderbijlpark and Sasolburg - together they comprise a substantial urban complex in South Africa about 60   km south of Johannesburg . Meyerton , just north of Vereeniging , is also generally included in the complex , and residents of Sharpeville , Boipatong , Bophelong , the greater Sebokeng area ( includingEvaton , Orange Farm , etc . ) , Heidelberg , Zamdela,((Deneysville ) ) and Potchefstroom also generally tend to consider themselves to live in the Vaal Triangle . The area straddles the Vaal River and is a major industrial region , which is home to former Iron and Steel Corporation Iscor , now ArcelorMittal South Africa and Sasol , the steel and oil - from - coal processing facilities . Due to the heavy industries in and around the Vaal Triangle it became infamous for its air pollution and respiratory disease . For this reason , local Afrikaans speaking people often refer to the region as the Vuil Driehoek ( meaning Dirty Triangle ) as a pun on Vaal Driehoek ( the Afrikaans translation for Vaal Triangle ) . Nearby is the Vaal Dam , from which the massive PWV megalopolis ( Pretoria , Witwatersrand and Vereeniging ) draws its water . The PWV forms the urban heart of Gauteng province . The Witwatersrand is the name given to the area that comprises the Greater Johannesburg metropole and the gold - bearing reef along which gold was discovered in 1886 . The Vaal Dam is well - patronised by people from Johannesburg over the weekends and during holidays , as it provides extensive water recreation facilities some 70   km south of the city .

" Cripples , Bastards , and Broken Things " is the fourth episode of the HBO medieval fantasy television series Game of Thrones , which first aired on May 8 , 2011 . It was written by Bryan Cogman and directed by Brian Kirk . In this episode Lord Eddard Stark , the new Hand of the King , investigates the sudden death of his predecessor . Jon Snow , Eddard 's bastard son , defends a new recruit who has just joined the rangers at " the Wall . " Exiled prince Viserys becomes increasingly frustrated as the Dothraki horde he needs to invade Westeros and win back his crown continues to linger at Vaes Dothrak . The episode ends with Eddard 's wife Catelyn arresting Tyrion Lannister on suspicion of attempting to murder her son Bran . The title comes from the original book , spoken by Tyrion after he provides Bran Stark with a saddle design that will allow him to ride despite his paraplegia : " I have a tender spot in my heart for cripples and bastards and broken things . " Critical reaction to the episode was mostly positive , with critics citing the Night 's Watch scenes at the Wall as highlights , as well as Michelle Fairley 's performance as Catelyn Stark in the final scene of the episode with Peter Dinklage as Tyrion Lannister . In the United States , the episode achieved a viewership of 2.5 million in its initial broadcast .

Myopsida is one of the two orders of squid . It consists of two families : the monotypic Australiteuthis and the diverse and commercially important Loliginidae ( ~50 species ) . Some taxonomists classify this taxon as a suborder of the order Teuthida , in which case it is known as Myopsina . This reclassification is due to Myopsina and Oegopsina not being demonstrated to form a clade . A number of morphological features distinguish members of Myopsida from those of its sister group , Oegopsida . Some of the most obvious differences are found in the structure of the eyes : those of myopsid squids lack a secondary eyelid and are instead covered by a transparent corneal membrane , the opening of which is reduced to a microscopic anterior pore in most species . The arms and tentacles are ornamented with simple suckers ( hooks are never present ) , with additional suckers usually borne on the buccal lappets . The carpal ( " wrist " ) portion of the tentacular club lacks a locking apparatus , and a tentacle pocket is present on the head . The funnel has no lateral adductor muscles . An internalised shell is present in the form of a well - developed gladius , which is located dorsally within the mantle and extends for almost its entire length . In contrast to oegopsids , females possess accessory nidamental glands in addition to the main nidamental glands . They however lack a right oviduct . Myopsids are found in coastal waters worldwide . They are demersal , generally feeding on or near the bottom . Adult sizes range from the dwarf Australiteuthis and Pickfordiateuthis , whose males mature at less than in mantle length ( ML ) , to the large Loligo forbesii , which can exceed ML .

The United Nations Security Council " veto power " refers to the power of the permanent members of the UN Security Council ( China , France , Russia , United Kingdom , and United States ) to veto any " substantive " resolution . A permanent member 's abstention or absence does not prevent a draft resolution from being adopted . This veto power does not apply to " procedural " votes , as determined by the permanent members themselves . A permanent member can also block the selection of a Secretary - General , although a formal veto is unnecessary since the vote is taken behind closed doors . The unconditional veto possessed by the five governments has been seen by critics as the most undemocratic character of the UN . Critics also claim that veto power is the main cause for international inaction on war crimes and crimes against humanity . However , the United States refused to join the United Nations in 1945 unless it was given a veto . The absence of the United States from the League of Nations contributed to its ineffectiveness . Supporters of the veto power regard it as a promoter of international stability , a check against military interventions , and a critical safeguard against U.S. domination .

The Pink Line ( ) is a new subway line proposal for the Montreal Metro in Canada . First proposed by municipal councillor Sylvain Ouellet in September 2011 , the Pink Line in its current form was a " central campaign promise " of the mayoral campaign of Valérie Plante , leader of the political party Projet Montréal and now mayor of Montreal . The project is proposed to be finished by 2025 , at a cost of an estimated C$ 5.9 billion . The proposed route of the line will traverse many Montreal neighbourhoods . It will start in Montreal North , and travel southeast through the city , with connections to the blue line extension , Mont - Royal metro station , and Place - des - Arts station . Given this routing , the section from Montreal North to Pie - IX is generally seen as the successor to the cancelled White Line originally proposed in the 1980s . A second phase of the project will travel southwest from Downtown Montreal , through the Notre - Dame - de - Grâce neighbourhood , Montreal West , and will end at Lachine .

Enclave is a third - person 3D action role - playing game by Starbreeze Studios , released for Microsoft Windows and Xbox on July 19 , 2002 . A GameCube version was also in development but was eventually cancelled in early 2003 . A Wii port , titled Enclave : Shadows of Twilight , was originally slated for the middle of June 2010 , and was released in Europe on May 22 , 2012 . On 4 October 2013 , the game was re - released on Steam and made available on Mac and Linux platforms . In this game , set in a medieval fantasy realm , players can choose to take on the role of either a " Warrior of Light " or a " Minion of Darkness " , complete with separate and unique missions reflecting the nature of that decision .

The Ivy League public policy schools outlines the universities within the Ivy League that offer public policy or public administration degrees . These public policy schools often provide Bachelor of Arts ( BA ) , Master of Public Policy ( MPP ) , Master of Public Administration ( MPA ) , Master of International Affairs , or Doctor of Philosophy in Public Policy and/or Administration degrees . The public policy programs at the Ivy League rank as some of the best in the world . The oldest program for the study of public policy and administration began at Princeton University in 1930 , founded as the School of Public and International Affairs . The school 's mission was to prepare students for " leadership in public and international affairs " in accordance with President Woodrow Wilson who desired a school that could train students for public service . Harvard University soon followed with their own school , the Graduate School of Public Administration , in 1936 . The most recently established school of government was at Yale University through the Jackson Institute for Global Affairs in 2010 . The goal of the Jackson Institute was to enhance the university 's current offerings of social science research and courses . The Institute currently specializes in international affairs , but is planning to expand to domestic policy in the near future . These schools have served as the model for other programs around the world , most notably at Oxford University . The Blavatnik School of Government was founded in 2010 and is the first of its kind in Europe . It currently offers MPP and DPhil in Public Policy degrees . Pundits believe the Blavatnik School seeks to differentiate itself with a more well - rounded curriculum , thereby competing with the American monopoly on public policy schools .

John Thornton Kirkland ( August 17 , 1770 – April 26 , 1840 ) served as President of Harvard University from 1810 to 1828 . As an undergraduate , he was a member of the Hasty Pudding . A religious minister like many of his predecessors , he is remembered chiefly for his lenient treatment of students . Kirkland House , one of Harvard 's undergraduate " houses , " or residence halls , was named in his honor and in recognition of his term at the school 's helm . Oliver Wendell Holmes describes him thus , in his study of Ralph Waldo Emerson : " His ' shining morning face ' was round as a baby 's , and talked as pleasantly as his voice did , with smiles for accents and dimples for punctuation ... It was of him that the story was always told ,-- it may be as old as the invention of printing ,-- that he threw his sermons into a barrel , where they went to pieces and got mixed up , and that when he was going to preach he fished out what he thought would be about enough for a sermon , and patched the leaves together as he best might . " His contemporary George Ticknor described Kirkland 's sermons as " full of intellectual wealth and practical wisdom , with sometimes a quaintness that bordered on humor . " Kirkland served as pastor of the New South Church in Boston , 1794 – 1810 . He was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1799 . Kirkland was a founding member of the American Antiquarian Society in 1812 .

Synnøve Svabø ( born 22 September 1968 in Sunnmøre , Norway ) is a Norwegian talk show host . Svabø is best known for her 1997 boob stunt on Thorbjørn Jagland who was then the Prime Minister of Norway Jagland was caught on national television placing his hands on Synnøve Svabø ’s breasts . At the time Svabø was hosting the Weekend Globoid talk show . In 2009 she was NRK 's commentator in the final of the Eurovision Song Contest . During the ESC , the NRK received many complaints from Norwegian viewers who said Svabø " talked too much " . Many viewers chose to watch the final on the Swedish SVT because of her . Among these , was the leader of the Broadcasting Council in the NRK , Kjellaug Nakkim .

Gardianul ( " The Guardian " ) was a Romanian daily newspaper published in Bucharest . It claimed to have had an anti - corruption stance , investigating organized crime and high - level corruption . The newspaper was founded in 2002 by Şerban Roibu , the son of a Social Democratic Party senator and therefore is accused of bias in favour of the Social Democratic Party , although it did publish articles which are critical of Social Democrat members being investigated for corruption . It eventually was sold to " Petrom Service " a company owned by the labour union of Petrom , but it kept its editorial stance . It was one of the newspapers involved in the ' governmental advertising funds for political subversion ' scandal of 2004 ( see Adrian Năstase ) . Overall the newspaper had a low readership and circulation for a national newspaper - at its peak distributing no more than 10.000 copies daily , out of which less than 6.000 paid for . Publishing of the newspaper ceased on 1 January 2010 , the editorial board claiming that Gardianul would switch to a web - only new - media format . However , by the end of January 2010 , Gardianuls website was also shut down .

Leopold Ritter von Dittel ( May 29 , 1815 – July 28 , 1898 ) was an Austrian urologist born in Fulnek , a community now located in the Czech Republic . Dittel received his medical doctorate in 1840 from the University of Vienna , and as a young man worked as a physician in Trentschin - Teplitz . From 1853 to 1857 , he was an assistant to Johann von Dumreicher ( 1815 - 1880 ) and a surgical assistant at the university hospital in Vienna . Later , he became surgeon - in - chief of the Allgemeines Krankenhaus , and in 1865 attained the title of associate professor . He is credited for developing a number of innovative diagnostic and surgical practices in the field of genitourinary medicine . He is remembered for his pioneer diagnostic work with the cystoscope , a device that was a recent invention of urologist Maximilian Nitze ( 1848 – 1906 ) . In urology , the cystoscope is used for endoscopic detection of bladder tumors and other urinary disorders . With Felix Legueu ( 1863 – 1939 ) and Émile Forgue ( 1860 – 1943 ) , the " Dittel - Forgue - Legueu operation " is named , defined as a surgical procedure for closure of vesicovaginal fistulae ( VVF ) . A medical instrument used for treatment of stenosis of the urethra known as a " Dittel urethral sound " is named after him .

Mary , Princess Royal and Countess of Harewood ( Victoria Alexandra Alice Mary ; 25 April 1897 – 28 March 1965 ) was a member of the British royal family . She was the third child and only daughter of King George V and Queen Mary and was born during the reign of Queen Victoria , her great - grandmother . Mary was the paternal aunt of the current British monarch , Queen Elizabeth II . Her education started at home . World War I brought Mary out of seclusion as she launched a charity campaign to support British troops and sailors . She eventually became a nurse . Mary married Viscount Lascelles ( later the Earl of Harewood ) in 1922 . She was an avid collector of jewellery .

Gary Norman Hurring ( born 10 October 1961 in Auckland ) is a former swimmer from New Zealand , who won the gold medal at the 1978 Commonwealth Games in the men 's 200 metres backstroke . He gained silver in the same event at the 1978 World Aquatics Championships . Hurring was considered a possible medallist for the 1980 Summer Olympics but was denied the opportunity due to the boycott by the majority of New Zealand Olympic sports associations . At the 1984 Summer Olympics he just missed medals in both backstroke events finishing fourth in the 100 m and fifth in the 200 m . Hurring was appointed New Zealand swim team coach at the 2012 Summer Olympics . Hurring is the son of two former Olympic backstroke swimmers , Lincoln Hurring and Jean Stewart , who won the bronze medal in the women 's 100 metres backstroke at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki , Finland .

Elena Smirnova ( , 6 May 1888 ( O.S. ) /18 May 1888 ( N. S. ) – 15 January 1934 ) was the last prima ballerina of the Mariinsky Theater in the Imperial period of Russia . Starring in many leading roles , she often performed choreography created by Marius Petipa and . Participating in early films of Germany and Russia , she made eight silent films and participated in the premiers of both the Ballets Russes in Paris and in the first performance of Russian ballet in Japan . When the Soviets took over Russia , Smirnova fled with a group of artists , making their way to Berlin , where she and her husband founded the Russian Romantic Theater and performed throughout Europe until 1926 . Experiencing a serious illness , she recuperated in Milan before relocating to Argentina , where she gave her last performance and became a dance instructor . She was the first professor of dance at the recently created Conservatorio Nacional de Música y Declamación . An annual award is given in her name by the National Dance School of Uruguay .

Lambda Literary Awards ( also known as the " Lammys " ) are awarded yearly by the United States - based Lambda Literary Foundation to published works that celebrate or explore LGBT ( lesbian , gay , bisexual , transgender ) themes . To qualify , a book must have been published in the United States in the year current to the official year of the award ; the presentation ceremony is held a year later . The Lambda Literary Foundation states that its mission is " to celebrate LGBT literature and provide resources for writers , readers , booksellers , publishers , and librarians - the whole literary community . " Since their inception in 1989 , awards have been given in various categories in fiction and non - fiction . The category for speculative fiction works has changed several times ; from science fiction and mystery , to science fiction and fantasy , and finally to LGBT Sci - Fi , fantasy and horror . This category is open to submissions in the form of novels , novellas , short stories , collections and anthologies . Initially the genre categories were also split into gay men 's and lesbian categories , but were merged in 1993 . This article lists all the award nominees and winners for all the variously titled science fiction categories . Multi - time winners of the award include Nicola Griffith ( four wins ) , Melissa Scott ( four wins ) , Jim Grimsley ( two wins ) , and Stephen Pagel ( two wins ) . Samuel R. Delany has also won the lifetime achievement award twice . Nicola Griffith holds the record for most nominations , and Perry Brass has the most nominations without winning , having been a losing finalist four times .

Oļegs Blagonadeždins (; born 16 May 1973 in Donetsk , Ukraine ) is a former Latvian football defender , currently the assistant manager of the Latvian Higher League club FK Spartaks Jūrmala . During his playing career Blagonadeždins played 70 international matches and scored 2 goals for the Latvia national team . He debuted in 1992 when the national team was founded , and played at the Euro 2004 . He started his career in Pārdaugava , then played for Skonto FC for several years . Blagonadeždins also played for Spartak - Alania Vladikavkaz in Russia . His last club was FK Jūrmala . From February to July 2012 Blagonadeždins managed the Latvian Higher League club Spartaks Jūrmala . Prior to the 2014 Latvian First League season Blagonadeždins was appointed as the manager of AFA Olaine . In mid - season he left , joining his previous club Spartaks Jūrmala to fulfill the role of the assistant manager . For a short period of time in June 2014 Blagonadeždins worked as the care - taker at the club , fulfilling the manager 's functions from the dismissal of Fabio Micarelli till appointment of Roman Pylypchuk .

Konstantin Sokolsky ( also spelled : Sokolski , , original name Konstantin Kudryavtsev ( Константин Кудрявцев ) ) ( 7 December 1904 - 12 May 1991 ) was a Latvian Russian singer . Sokolsky was born in Saint - Petersburg , Russia , but for most of his life lived in Riga , Latvia ( his father came from Ludzas County , which is where the family moved to after the revolutionary turmoil of 1917 began in Saint - Petersburg ) . There he worked as a woodcutter and loader , until in 1928 at Riga 's ' Mars ' cinema he first appeared on stage as a singer . Initially , he tried to imitate Alexander Vertinsky ( for example , he too sang in a Pierrot costume ) , but later found his own style . He got acquainted with popular composer Oscar Strok , author of tango music , and became the first to sing all his new songs . In the same time , he himself wrote lyrics and music for several songs . In the 1930 - 1940s , first with the Riga Bonzo Theatre and later individually , he went on tours of Romania , Czechoslovakia and Yugoslavia , where he became very popular among different audiences , including many Russian émigrés . Sokolsky 's stage image was refined , but could still be interpreted as acting the ' Russian bear ' , with a sense of self - parody . Very tall , joyous , with self - respect — he reminded many Russian émigrés of their Mother Russia , which they had had to leave , sooner or later after the Bolshevik revolution . In Russia , his songs also became popular , released on L.P. 's with the Bonophon and Bellaccord labels . During World War II , he stayed in Latvia . In 1944 he was arrested by the Germans , but escaped .

Homi Wadia ( 22 May 1911 – 10 December 2004 ) was an Indian film director and producer in Bollywood ( Hindi cinema ) . He was the co - founder of Wadia Movietone productions , established in 1933 and later after the closure of Wadiatone , he founded Basant Pictures in 1942 . In a career spanning five decades , he directed over 40 films , including Hunterwali ( 1935 ) , Miss Frontier Mail ( 1936 ) , Diamond Queen ( 1940 ) and fantasy film Hatim Tai ( 1956 ) . He was also a founding member of the Film & Television Producers Guild of India , established in 1954 . Homi Wadia was married to actress and stunt woman Fearless Nadia . Homi was the younger brother of JBH Wadia , who was himself a movie director .

Primer amor , a mil por hora ( English : First love , a thousand per hour ) is a Mexican telenovela produced by Pedro Damián for Televisa in 2000 . It is a remake of another Televisa telenovela titled Quinceañera . This teen - oriented soap was one of the highest - rated in its time - slot . On Monday , October 9 , 2000 , Canal de las Estrellas started broadcasting Primer amor , a mil por hora weekdays at 7:00pm , replacing Locura de amor . The last episode was broadcast on Friday , February 23 , 2001 with Amigas y rivales replacing it the following day . Anahí , Kuno Becker , Ana Layevska and Valentino Lanús starred as protagonists , while Mauricio Islas , Arleth Terán , Fabián Robles and Leticia Perdigón starred as antagonists .

Hans Engen ( 22 August 1912 – 6 April 1966 ) was a Norwegian journalist , diplomat and politician for the Labour Party . He was born in Ringebu . During the German occupation of Norway from 1940 to 1945 , he was a coordinator of the cooperation with the Norwegian government - in - exile and the Norwegian resistance movement . From 1946 to 1949 he worked as the foreign affairs editor of newspaper Verdens Gang . From 1951 to 1952 he worked as Norway 's counsellor of embassy at the United Nations ; he was then ambassador to the UN to 1958 . From 1958 to 1963 , under Gerhardsen 's Third Cabinet , Engen served as State Secretary in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs . Finally , he was Norwegian ambassador to the United States from 1963 to 1966 .

Al Majma'ah ( ) is a city and a governorate in Ar Riyad Province , Saudi Arabia . It is located at around , and it is the capital of the Sudair region . The city has an area of 30,000 square kilometers . The population of the town is around 45,000 , while the population of the governorate as a whole is approximately 97,349 . Al - Majma'ah Governorate borders the Eastern Province and Al - Qasim to the north , Thadig and Shaqra to the south , Rumah to the east , and Harmah , Al - Ghat and Zulfi to the west . Founded in 1417 CE by an immigrant from the Alshammari tribe , Al - Majma'ah was historically considered the capital of the region of Sudair . It was an attractive place for many tribes such as Anazah and Shammar . The city today contains a museum as well as an impressive mud - brick fort that dates to the 18th century . The city is covered in green during Spring , which makes it a national destination . There are a lot of private farms consisting of mostly of palm trees , but other fruits or vegetables can grow there such as citrus or berry .

, known as the first season of Digimon : Digital Monsters outside Japan , is a Japanese anime television series created by Akiyoshi Hongo , and produced by Toei Animation in cooperation with WiZ , Bandai and Fuji Television . It is the first anime installment in the Digimon media franchise , based on the virtual pet of the same name . The series aired in Japan from March 7 , 1999 to March 26 , 2000 . It follows a group of children and their partners attempting to save both worlds from evil , after arriving in the " Digital World " for the first time . An English - language version produced by Saban Entertainment aired in North America between August 1999 and June 2000 . A video game adaptation of the series by Prope was released for PlayStation Portable on January 17 , 2013 . The series was followed by Digimon Adventure 02 , which takes place a few years after the events of Adventure . For the series ' 15th anniversary , a series of films taking place a few years after the events of Adventure 02 , titled Digimon Adventure tri . , was released from 2015 to 2018 .

The Battle of Groningen took place during the penultimate month of Second World War in Europe , from April 13 to 16 , 1945 , in the city of Groningen between a mixture of German soldiers , Dutch and Belgian SS troops numbering 7,000 against the entire 2nd Canadian Infantry Division , though the whole division was never in combat at any given time . There were also substantial amounts of Luftwaffe units manning flak guns in the area . Groningen was also the site of the headquarters for the Sicherheitsdienst in the North of the Netherlands . The German command structure was poor and the defenders had never exercised together . The Canadian division , consisting of nine infantry battalions , a machine gun battalion , and a reconnaissance battalion , was battle experienced with a proportion of partially trained reinforcements . Armour from the 10th Armoured Regiment ( The Fort Garry Horse ) and the 9th Armoured Regiment ( The British Columbia Dragoons ) was used in support .

Panther Peak is a mountain located in Essex County , New York . The mountain is part of the Santanoni Mountains of the Adirondacks . Panther Peak is flanked to the west by Couchsachraga Peak , and to the south by Santanoni Peak . The northeast slopes of Panther Peak drain into Duck Hole pond , the source of the Cold River , which drains into the Raquette River , the Saint Lawrence River in Canada , and into the Gulf of Saint Lawrence . The northwest slopes of Panther Peak drain into the Cold River . The southwest slopes of Panther drain into Calahan Brook , thence into Moose Creek and the Cold River . The southeast slopes of Panther drain into Santanoni Brook , Henderson Lake , the source of the Hudson River , and into New York Bay . Panther Peak is within the High Peaks Wilderness Area of New York 's Adirondack Park .

Wang Zhi ( ) , art name Wufeng ( 五峰 ) , was a Chinese pirate lord of the 16th century , one of the chief named and known figures among the wokou pirates prevalent during the reign of the Jiajing Emperor . Originally a salt merchant , Wang Zhi turned to smuggling during the Ming dynasty 's period of maritime prohibitions banning all private overseas trade , and eventually became the head of a pirate syndicate stretching the East and South China Seas , from Japan to Thailand . Through his clandestine trade , he is credited for spreading European firearms throughout East Asia , and for his role in leading the first Europeans ( the Portuguese ) to reach Japan in 1543 . However , he was also blamed for the ravages of the Jiajing wokou raids in China , and was executed in 1560 for that reason while trying to negotiate a relaxation of the Ming maritime prohibitions .

Emory Marvin Underwood ( December 11 , 1877 – August 28 , 1960 ) was a United States federal judge . Born in Douglas County , Georgia , Underwood received a B.A. from Vanderbilt University in 1900 and an LL.B. from Vanderbilt University Law School in 1902 . He was in private practice in Atlanta , Georgia from 1903 to 1914 , an Assistant Attorney General of the United States from 1914 to 1917 , a General counsel , Seaboard Air Line Company from 1917 to 1919 , and a general solicitor for the U.S. Railroad Administration from 1919 to 1920 . Returning to private practice in Atlanta from 1920 to 1931 . On February 7 , 1931 , Underwood was nominated by President Herbert Hoover to a seat on the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia vacated by Samuel H. Sibley . Underwood was confirmed by the United States Senate on February 25 , 1931 , and received his commission on March 2 , 1931 . He assumed senior status on March 5 , 1948 . Underwood served in that capacity until his death .

" Warm and Beautiful " is a love ballad credited to Paul and Linda McCartney that was first released by Wings on their 1976 album Wings at the Speed of Sound . It is a love ballad sung by Paul directed to Linda . Critical opinion of the song has varied widely , ranging from a comment that it is " one of the most beautiful songs that Paul ever wrote for Linda , " to a suggestion that it may be " one of the worst songs Paul McCartney has ever written . " In 1998 , after Linda 's death , Paul rearranged the song for string quartet to be played at memorial concerts for his late wife . This version was included on the 1999 album Working Classical .

Dodecatheon frigidum , commonly called the western arctic shootingstar , is a plant species found in arctic and subarctic regions in the northwestern part of North America and in Asiatic Russia . It is common across much of Alaska , and has also been reported from Yukon , Northwest Territories , British Columbia , northern Saskatchewan , and on the Chukotsk Peninsula in the Russian Far East ( often erroneously regarded as part of Siberia ) . It is usually found in moist areas such as bogs , lakeshores , riverbanks , moist meadows , and heathcliff tundras . It can found on melting snow on or near permafrost . Dodecatheon frigidum is an herbaceous perennial up to 40   cm ( 16 inches ) tall , spreading by means of underground rhizomes . Each shoot produces 2 - 7 flowers , usually pink to magenta with a white center .

Clas Eriksson ( born February 20 , 1973 , in Karlstad , Sweden ) is a retired professional Swedish ice hockey player . Eriksson is currently a team manager and coach for his former club Färjestads BK . During his career , Eriksson played for Färjestads BK , apart from one and half seasons with Grums IK from 1991 - 1992 . During his 13 seasons with Färjestads , he won three Swedish Championships in 1997 , 1998 , and 2002 . In 2004 he was forced to retire due to an injury . Eriksson 's son , Joel Eriksson Ek , currently plays within the Minnesota Wild organization of the National Hockey League and his younger son Olle was drafted by the Anaheim Ducks in the 2017 NHL Entry Draft .

The Bidet was a type of small horse from France , now extinct . It was a landrace developed principally in the area around Brittany , Morvan , Auvergne , Poitou , and Burgundy . It stood about 110–135 centimetres at the withers . Two distinct groups are documented , which were bred in a semi - feral state . Bidets were first identified in the 15th century . They were used as " jack - of - all - trades " animals , equally suited for riding , farm work and passenger transport . They declined during the 19th century , when railways and better - kept roads pressured horse breeders into specialising their breeds . Despite the animal 's disappearance , the name " bidet " survives in several French cultural references .

Ragini ( Rageeni ) Nandwani ( born 4 September 1989 ) is an Indian film and television actress . She became popular after playing the lead in the Hindi soap opera Mrs. Kaushik Ki Paanch Bahuein ( 2011–12 ) . She made her Bollywood debut with the crime thriller film Dehraadun Diary ( 2013 ) , which was based on a real murder case . Nandwani made her debut in the Tamil film industry with the action thriller film Thalaivaa ( 2013 ) , directed by A. L. Vijay . She played a supporting role in the film and earned critical acclaim for her role . She is currently working in a Marathi film Krupa Swaminchi . She has also signed a Bollywood film which will be officially announced soon . She has done a Malayalam movie Peruchazhi , in which she appears as the female lead opposite to Mohanlal .

The University of Oxford is a collegiate research university in Oxford , England . There is evidence of teaching as far back as 1096 , making it the oldest university in the English - speaking world and the world 's second - oldest university in continuous operation . It grew rapidly from 1167 when Henry II banned English students from attending the University of Paris . After disputes between students and Oxford townsfolk in 1209 , some academics fled north - east to Cambridge where they established what became the University of Cambridge . The two " ancient universities " are frequently jointly referred to as " Oxbridge " . The history and influence of the University of Oxford has made it one of the most prestigious universities in the world . The university is made up of 38 constituent colleges , and a range of academic departments which are organised into four divisions . All the colleges are self - governing institutions within the university , each controlling its own membership and with its own internal structure and activities . It does not have a main campus , and its buildings and facilities are scattered throughout the city centre . Undergraduate teaching at Oxford is organised around weekly tutorials at the colleges and halls , supported by classes , lectures , seminars , and laboratory work provided by university faculties and departments ; some postgraduate teaching includes tutorials organised by faculties and departments . It operates the world 's oldest university museum , as well as the largest university press in the world and the largest academic library system nationwide . The university is consistently cited as among the world 's best . Oxford has educated many notable alumni , including 29 Nobel laureates , 27 prime ministers of the United Kingdom and many heads of state and government around the world . As of 2017 , 69 Nobel Prize winners , 3 Fields Medalists , and 6 Turing Award winners have studied , worked , or held visiting fellowships at the University of Oxford . Its alumni have won 160 Olympic medals . Oxford is the home of the Rhodes Scholarship , one of the world 's oldest international scholarships .

Rebecca Louisa Ferguson Sundström ( born 19 October 1983 ) , known professionally as Rebecca Ferguson , is a Swedish actress . She began her acting career with the Swedish soap opera Nya tider ( 1999 – 2000 ) and went on to star in the slasher film Drowning Ghost ( 2004 ) . She came to international prominence with her portrayal of Elizabeth Woodville in the British television miniseries The White Queen ( 2013 ) , which earned her a nomination for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Miniseries or Television Film . Ferguson has since starred as MI6 agent Ilsa Faust in the action spy films ( 2015 ) and its sequel ( 2018 ) , and portrayed Jenny Lind in the musical The Greatest Showman ( 2017 ) . She has also played supporting parts in the comedy - drama Florence Foster Jenkins and the thriller The Girl on the Train ( both 2016 ) .

Sugarplum Fairy is a pop - rock band from Borlänge , Sweden . The members took the name from a version of the Beatles ' song " A Day in the Life " where John Lennon counts the song in by saying " sugar - plum - fairy , sugar - plum - fairy " . Sugarplum Fairy was founded in 1998 by Victor and Carl Noren and Kristian Gidlund . The band released several demos before being signed to EMI Records in 2004 , releasing the EP Stay Young to generally positive reviews . Later they released their first single , " Sweet Jackie " , from their first full - length album " Young & Armed " released later that year ( September 29 , 2004 ) . The band toured heavily in Sweden , Japan and Germany , and released the debut album in different editions in both Japan and Germany in early 2005 . In 2006 they put out their second record , " First Round First Minute " . A third album followed in 2008 , including a cover of The Hollies ' Bus Stop . In 2009 the band went on hiatus . In 2011 drummer Kristian Gidlund was diagnosed with stomach cancer . He died from the illness in 2013 . Apart from their music , the band is also famous for the fact that the two singers in the band are brothers of Gustaf Norén , former singer in Mando Diao .

Elizabeth Anne Caplan ( born June 30 , 1982 ) is an American actress and model . Her first acting role was on the cult television series Freaks and Geeks ( 1999–2000 ) . She received wider recognition with roles in the films Mean Girls ( 2004 ) and Cloverfield ( 2008 ) , the latter of which earned her a nomination for the Saturn Award for Best Supporting Actress . Caplan has also starred on the TV shows Related ( 2005 – 2006 ) , The Class ( 2006–2007 ) , and Party Down ( 2009 – 2010 ) . From 2013 to 2016 , she played Virginia Johnson on the Showtime series Masters of Sex , a role that garnered her Primetime Emmy , Satellite , and Critics ' Choice Award nominations . Her other film appearances include Hot Tub Time Machine , 127 Hours ( both 2010 ) , Save the Date , Bachelorette ( both 2012 ) , The Interview ( 2014 ) , Now You See Me 2 , Allied ( both 2016 ) , and Extinction ( 2018 ) .

The old Tower of Galata ( , meaning Great Tower ) was a tower which stood on the north side of the Golden Horn in Constantinople , inside the citadel of Galata . The tower marked the northern end of the great chain , which was stretched across the mouth of the Golden Horn to the Tower of Eugenius to prevent enemy ships from entering the harbor . The tower contained a mechanism of elevation gears for raising and lowering the chain . The tower was largely destroyed by the Latin Crusaders during the Sack of Constantinople in 1204 , part of the Fourth Crusade , enabling them to enter the harbor and attack the city from the sea , where the walls were more easily scaled . This tower should not be confused with the present - day Galata Tower , which is still standing . The current tower was built by the Genoese in 1348 , on a different site , at the northernmost and highest point of the citadel of Galata . The Genoese named the new tower as Christea Turris ( Tower of Christ ) . The Byzantines , however , also called this new tower with the name Megalos Pyrgos ( Great Tower ) .

Pierre Emile Cartier ( born 10 June 1932 ) is a French mathematician . An associate of the Bourbaki group and at one time a colleague of Alexander Grothendieck , his interests have ranged over algebraic geometry , representation theory , mathematical physics , and category theory . He studied at the École Normale Supérieure in Paris under Henri Cartan and André Weil . Since his 1958 thesis on algebraic geometry he has worked in a number of fields . He is known for the introduction of the Cartier operator in algebraic geometry in characteristic p , and for work on duality of abelian varieties and on formal groups . He is the eponym of Cartier divisors and Cartier duality . From 1961 to 1971 he was a Professor at the University of Strasbourg . In 1970 he was an Invited Speaker at the International Congress of Mathematicians in Nice . He was awarded the Prize Ampère of the French Academy of Sciences in 1979 . In 2012 he became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society .

" The Walls Fell Down " is a second single by the English rock duo The Marbles , Lead vocals by Graham Bonnet it was released in March 1969 , and it was written and produced by Barry Gibb , Robin Gibb , Maurice Gibb , of the Bee Gees , and was also produced by Robert Stigwood , it was recorded as a follow - up to " Only One Woman " but did not repeat the success of the previous single . " The Walls Fell Down " was recorded on 10 January 1969 with other Gibb brothers - penned tracks " Love You " and " Little Boy " . An instrumental work by three members of Bee Gees : Barry and Maurice Gibb , and drummer Colin Petersen . It reached # 28 in the United Kingdom , but in the Netherlands it reached # 3 . There is a promotional video for this song . A French TV performance of " The Walls Fell Down " was televised on 192TV . The song 's original music video features Bonnet with a Gibson SG and Gordon with an acoustic guitar and was televised on a Dutch television .

AFN Bremerhaven was originally an " Armed Forces Radio and Television Service " ( AFRTS ) station . ( AFRTS , worldwide , is now also known as " American Forces Network " or " AFN " ) . The Bremerhaven affiliate station was located in northern Germany . At the time , it was part of the " American Forces Network - Europe . " AFN Bremerhaven began broadcasting in 1945 , originally as AFN Bremen . The station began operating just after World War II ended in Europe . It was originally established in the north German city of Bremen in allied - occupied Germany as a small AM radio station with an AM repeater transmitter also broadcasting the station 's signal in Bremerhaven , Germany , a port city on the Weser River near the entrance to the North Sea located just north of Bremen .

Simon Davies is a British privacy advocate and academic based in London UK . Davies was one of the first campaigners in the field of international privacy advocacy , founding the watchdog organization Privacy International in 1990 and subsequently working in emerging areas of privacy such as electronic visual surveillance , identity systems , border security , encryption policy and biometrics . In July 2008 Davies criticised the Stranton landmark Viacom vs. Google & YouTube ruling , stating the privacy of millions of YouTube users was threatened : ' The chickens have come home to roost for Google . Their arrogance and refusal to listen to friendly advice has resulted in the privacy of tens of millions being placed under threat . Governments and organisations are realising that companies like Google have a warehouse full of data . And while that data is stored it is under threat of being used and putting privacy in danger . ' Davies was also listed as current Chief Executive Officer of UK consultancy group 80/20 Thinking Limited , which is defunct as of June 2015 .

" Walk Away Renée " is a song written by Michael Brown , Bob Calilli , and Tony Sansone for the band the Left Banke , released as a single in July 1966 . Steve Martin Caro is featured on lead vocals . It spent 13 weeks on the US charts , with a top spot of number 5 . The song features a flute solo played during the instrumental bridge of the middle portion of the song . Brown got the idea for the flute solo from the Mamas & the Papas song " California Dreamin ' " which had been recorded in November 1965 but was n't a hit and in heavy rotation until early 1966 . The arrangement also includes a lush string orchestration , a jangling harpsichord part , and a descending chromatic bass melody . Its production was credited to World United Productions , Inc. , but the session was produced by Brown 's father , jazz and classical violinist Harry Lookofsky , who also led the string players . Rolling Stone placed " Walk Away Renée " at number 220 in the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time . The song returned to nationwide charts with cover versions by The Four Tops ( 1967 ) and Rick Price ( 1993 ) .

The Prime Minister of Albania ( ) , officially styled the Prime Minister of the Republic of Albania ( ) , is the head of government of the Republic of Albania and as well the most powerful and influential person in Albanian politics . The Prime Minister holds the executive power of the nation and represents the Council of Ministers and chairs its meetings . The Prime Minister is appointed by the President of Albania after each general election and must have the confidence of the Parliament of Albania to stay in office . The Council is responsible for carrying out both foreign and domestic policies . It directs and controls the activities of the ministries and other state organs . The Prime Minister is elected on the basis of universal suffrage , through a secret ballot , for a four - year term . The Constitution of Albania sets no limit as to office terms of the prime minister . The 33rd and current officeholder is Edi Rama of the Socialist Party who was elected on 23 June 2013 and started his first four - year - term on 15 September 2013 .

The Old Dominion Lady Monarchs basketball team represents Old Dominion University in Norfolk , Virginia . The team currently competes in the NCAA Division I as a member of Conference USA . The ODU Monarchs women 's basketball team contributed to the initial rise in popularity of women 's intercollegiate basketball in the United States in the 1970s . Women 's college basketball was organized under the auspices of the AIAW in the early 1970s , at a time when competitive power was distributed among small colleges that had established a niche ( such as Immaculata , Delta State , West Chester State , Wayland Baptist and Stephen F. Austin ) . Later in the decade , ODU won two national championships in dominating fashion with star players , Nancy Lieberman and Anne Donovan . ODU , along with UCLA and Tennessee , among others , led the rise to prominence of large schools with national reputations to the top intercollegiate level , before the NCAA began sponsoring sports for women .

Lee Ahyoomi ( born on August 25 , 1984 ) known professionally as Ahyoomee , Iconiq or Ito Yumi , is a Japanese singer and actress currently based in Japan and South Korea . Lee debuted in 2001 as the lead vocal of South Korean girl group Sugar and continued until 2006 when the group disbanded . From 2006 until 2007 , she remained her career as soloists with release three digital singles in South Korea . In 2008 , she moved to Japan and began her acting career as Ito Yumi . Before she transitioned again into music , In 2009 as Iconiq . In her Japanese music career , she has released one studio album , one mini album and seven digital singles . In 2016 , she announced to transitioned into acting as Ito Yumi in Japan and Ahyoomee in South Korea .

Carry on at Your Convenience , released in 1971 , is the 22nd in the series of Carry On films to be made , and was the first box office failure of the series . This failure has been attributed to the film 's attempt at exploring the political themes of the trade union movement , crucially portraying the union activists as idle , pedantic buffoons which , apparently , alienated the traditional working - class audience of the series . The film , known as Carry On Round the Bend outside the United Kingdom , did not return full production costs until 1976 after several international and television sales . The film features regulars Sid James , Kenneth Williams , Charles Hawtrey , Joan Sims , Hattie Jacques and Bernard Bresslaw . It features Kenneth Cope in the first of his two Carry on appearances .

Duets II is the 59th and last studio album by American singer Frank Sinatra . It was released in 1994 , and was the sequel to the previous year 's Duets . Phil Ramone produced the album and guest artists from various genres contributed their duet parts to Sinatra 's already recorded vocals . Though not as commercially successful as Duets , it still rose to # 9 on the Billboard albums chart and sold over 1 million copies in the U.S. It also peaked at # 29 in the UK . Critical notices were again mixed at best , although some viewed it as an improvement over its predecessor . However , the album won Sinatra the 1995 Grammy Award for Best Traditional Pop Vocal Performance , his last competitive Grammy Award . These would be the last studio recordings made by Sinatra , who had begun his recording career fifty five years earlier . Both were packaged together in a " 90th Birthday Limited Collector 's Edition " released in 2005 ; North American pressings add an unreleased duet recording of " My Way " with Willie Nelson , while international pressings have him singing with Luciano Pavarotti .

Tomasz Lis ( born March 6 , 1966 in Zielona Góra ) is a Polish journalist and former TV anchor of “ TVN Fakty ” ( " TVN Facts " ) and “ Wydarzenia ” ( " Events " ) . Tomasz Lis began his career in the public Polish Television ( TVP ) in 1990 after winning an open competition for the post of a newsreader . From 1994 to 1997 : correspondent in Washington , D.C. for TVP . From 1997 to 2004 : co - author of “ Fakty TVN ” on Polish television station TVN . From 2006 to 2007 : editor - in - chief of " Wydarzenia " on Polsat . In 2003 he published his book Co z tą Polską ? ( What 's with Poland ? ) which became a bestseller in Poland ( selling over 100,000 copies ) . From late 2010 to February 2012 : editor - in - chief of the current affairs weekly " Wprost . " In March 2012 he became editor - in - chief of " Newsweek Polska . " He is now restricted to broadcasting online , as the government have tried to silence his criticism and attempts to hold them to account .

ZGF Architects LLP ( ZGF ) , formerly Zimmer Gunsul Frasca Partnership , is an American architectural firm with offices in Portland , Oregon ; Seattle , Washington ; Los Angeles , California ; Washington D.C. ; New York , New York ; and Vancouver , Canada . Founded in 1942 , the firm was listed in 2011 as the # 4 architectural firm in the United States by Building Design+Construction , and ranked the # 9 architectural firm by Architect . In 2016 Architect named ZGF the # 1 architecture firm in the country , citing the organization 's dedication to sustainability as a major deciding factor . Between the company 's five offices in the United States and their office in Canada they employ more than 600 employees .

Jean Kerléo ( born 24 February 1932 ) is a French perfumer who worked in - house of Jean Patou and is also the founder of the Osmothèque , a scent archive in Versailles . Kerleo was born on 24 February 1932 in Brittany , France . At age 22 , he began making perfumes for a New York City company , Helena Rubenstein . He received the Prix des Parfumeurs de France in 1965 , served as the president for the Society of French Perfumers from 1976 to 1979 , and was awarded the Prix François COTY in 2001 From 1967 until 1998 , Kerléo was the in - house perfumer for the house of Jean Patou , the second in line after Henri Alméras , where he composed the influential perfumes 1000 and Sublime . In 1999 , he passed his position of head perfumer of Jean Patou to Jean - Michel Duriez and became the director of the Osmothèque , which he co - founded . In this position , he supervised , researched , and extended the collection of this fragrance archive to encompass and reconstruct more ancient and lost perfumes . In 2008 , he handed the position of president and director to Patricia de Nicolaï , the great - granddaughter of Pierre - François Pascal Guerlain .

Oxhide ingots are metal slabs , usually of copper but sometimes of tin , produced and widely distributed during the Mediterranean Late Bronze Age ( LBA ) . Their shape resembles the hide of an ox with a protruding handle in each of the ingot ’s four corners . Early thought was that each ingot was equivalent to the value of one ox . However , the similarity in shape is simply a coincidence . The ingots’ producers probably designed these protrusions to make the ingots easily transportable overland on the backs of pack animals . Complete or partial oxhide ingots have been discovered in Sardinia , Crete , Peloponnese , Cyprus , Cannatello in Sicily , Boğazköy in Turkey ( ancient Hattusa , the Hittite capital ) , Qantir in Egypt ( ancient Pi - Ramesses ) , and Sozopol in Bulgaria . Archaeologists have recovered many oxhide ingots from two shipwrecks off the coast of Turkey ( one off Uluburun and one in Cape Gelidonya ) .

Henry C. Nields ( 18 March 1838   – 13 December 1880 ) Was born in West Chester , Pennsylvania ( E. Bradford ) and was an officer in the United States Navy during the American Civil War . Nields was appointed Mate on 11 February 1863 and Acting Ensign on 11 July 1864 . Assigned to Metacomet , he earned Admiral David G. Farragut 's praise for his part in the rescue of survivors from Tecumseh after that monitor had gone down , mined within 600 yards of Confederate guns during the Battle of Mobile Bay . Nields and his boat crew saved one officer , eight enlisted men , and Tecumseh 's pilot , braving “ one of the most galling fires ” that Farragut had ever seen . Several of these brave men were awarded The Medal of Honor for their selfless deeds that day . Advanced to the rank of Lieutenant Commander on 1 July 1870 , Nields died on 13 December 1880 . USS Nields ( DD-616 ) was named for him .

The Center Hall is a broad central hallway on the second floor of the White House , home of the President of the United States . It runs east to west connecting the East Sitting Hall with the West Sitting Hall . It allows access to the elevator vestibule , East and West Bedrooms , the Grand Staircase , Yellow Oval Room , the first family 's private living room , and the president 's bedroom . In the early 20th century , William Howard Taft decorated the hall with exotic plants and art he had brought with him from his tenure as Governor - General of the Philippines . Later , Woodrow Wilson watched motion pictures here as the present White House theater was still a cloakroom . Furnishings include an American manufactured painted wood Neoclassical suite including a settee , six armchairs and four side chairs that once belonged to President James Monroe . The suite was reupholstered in a wool and silk velvet faux tiger print during the administration of George W. Bush and moved to the Center Hall from the Yellow Oval Room . Also in the room is a Louis XVI mahogany cylinder desk acquired for the Red Room during the administration of President John F. Kennedy . A pair of bronze French Empire caryatid torchères from Château de Malmaison were originally acquired for the Blue Room by Kennedy decorator Stéphane Boudin .

The participation of Galicia Spain in World War II was marked by its location in front of behind the back of the Atlantic . The World War II was a conflict armed to global level that lasted since 1939 at 1945 . In spite of the Spanish neutrality , the war also affected the country due to his strategic location . The tungsten excractes of mines as the Mines of San Fins was used for the nazi bellicose industry . The extraction and transport of the mineral carried out it lid companies , as the Finance and Industrial Corporation ( Galician : Sociedade Financeira e Industrial ) . Hundreds of Galicians traveled to fight with the Germans in the Eastern Front , in the Blue Division , on another side , former republican combatants fought with the allies , many of them being confined in fields of concentration .

Friedrich Wilhelm Franz Nippold ( September 15 , 1838 – August 4 , 1918 ) was a German Protestant theologian born in Emmerich am Rhein . In 1865 he received his habilitation at the University of Heidelberg , where in 1867 he became an associate professor . From 1871 to 1884 , he was a professor of church history at the University of Bern , afterwards moving to Jena , as a successor to Karl von Hase . In 1907 he took his retirement in Oberursel , where he died on August 4 , 1918 . Nippold 's primary interest involved modern church history , and he was associated with a number of current church policy concerns . He was co - founder of the Evangelischer Bund ( Protestant Federation ) , a movement for preservation of German Protestant interests .

Marina del Rey is an unincorporated seaside community in Los Angeles County , California , United States with a marina that is a major boating and water recreation destination of the Greater Los Angeles Area . The marina is North America 's largest man - made small - craft harbor and is home to approximately 5,000 boats . The area is a popular tourism destination for water activities such as paddle board and kayak rentals , dining cruises , and yacht charters . This Westside locale is approximately south of Santa Monica , and north of Los Angeles International Airport . The harbor is owned by Los Angeles County and is operated by the County 's Department of Beaches and Harbors . The population was 8,866 at the 2010 census . For statistical purposes , the United States Census Bureau has defined Marina del Rey as a census - designated place ( CDP ) . The census definition of the area may not precisely correspond to local understanding of the area with the same name . The Los Angeles Times said in a 1997 editorial that the harbor is " perhaps the county 's most valuable resource " .

FBOP Corporation was a financial services company based in Oak Park , Illinois , United States . As of mid-2009 , it had $ 18.5 billion in assets and was the 46th largest bank holding company in the United States . On October 30 , 2009 , FBOP 's banking subsidiaries were closed by their chartering agencies and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation was appointed as their receiver . The company had over 4064 employees . The holding company began as First Bank of Oak Park . FBOP started acquiring other banks in 1990 . In 2006 , First Bank of Oak Park merged with four other co - owned banks in Illinois to create Park National Bank . FBOP operated banks in Illinois , California , Texas , and Arizona , prior to their closure . U.S. Bancorp acquired all nine of FBOP 's nine banks on the day of closure , but later sold the three Texas - based banks to Prosperity Bancshares .

Isidore Mvouba ( born 1954 ) is a Congolese politician who was Prime Minister of Congo - Brazzaville from 2005 to 2009 . He is a member of the Congolese Labour Party ( PCT , or Parti congolais du travail ) and held key positions under President Denis Sassou Nguesso beginning in 1997 . Mvouba was Director of the Cabinet of the Head of State from 1997 to 1999 , Minister of Transport from 1999 to 2005 ( with responsibility for coordinating government action beginning in 2002 ) , and Prime Minister from January 2005 to September 2009 . After his post of Prime Minister was eliminated , he instead served as Minister of State for Transport , responsible for coordinating ministries relating to infrastructure , from 2009 to 2012 . Subsequently he was Minister of State for Industrial Development from 2012 to 2016 . He has been President of the National Assembly since 2017 .

The Treaty of Gyalu was an agreement between Holy Roman Emperor Ferdinand I and Isabella Jagiellon the queen dowager of the Eastern Hungarian Kingdom and the widow of John Zápolya , signed in Gyalu ( today Gilău , Romania ) by Gáspár Serédy captain of Upper Hungary and János Statileo bishop of Transylvania on December 29 , 1541 . The participants tried to renegotiate John Sigismund Zápolya 's possessions in connection with the previous Treaty of Nagyvárad . According to the treaty , Royal Hungary and the Eastern Hungarian Kingdom would have been re - united under Ferdinand 's rule , in case he had recaptured Buda . However , the Diet of Torda negotiated the Ottoman disapproval in reference to the treaty in October and refused to accept the terms of the agreement on December 20 , 1542 . The eastern territories of the former medieval Kingdom of Hungary ruled by King John Sigismund Zápolya were known as the Eastern Hungarian Kingdom until the Treaty of Speyer ( 1570 ) .

David Jefferson " Davy " Jones ( June 30 , 1880 – March 30 , 1972 ) , nicknamed " Kangaroo " , was an outfielder in Major League Baseball . He played fifteen seasons with the Milwaukee Brewers , St. Louis Browns , Chicago Cubs , Detroit Tigers , Chicago White Sox , and Pittsburgh Rebels . Jones played with some of the early legends of the game , including Ty Cobb , Sam Crawford , Frank Chance , Three Finger Brown , Hugh Duffy and Jesse Burkett . Also , he played part of one year with the Chicago White Sox , where several of his teammates would later be implicated in the 1919 Black Sox scandal . Jones was immortalized in the classic baseball book The Glory of Their Times by Lawrence Ritter . Davy Jones was mostly a platoon rather than a full - time player who was decent with the bat and swift on his feet . He played in the major leagues from to , compiling a .270 career batting average with over 1,000 hits .

Dysfunktional Family is an American documentary and stand - up comedy film written , produced and starring comedian Eddie Griffin , and directed by George Gallo . It was released to theaters by Miramax Films on April 4 , 2003 and stayed in theaters until May 18 , 2003 . The film earned $ 2,255,000 with its widest release being in 602 theaters . Dysfunktional Family is mainly a concert performance featuring Eddie Griffin filmed live at the Star Plaza Theatre in Merrillville , Indiana that also includes behind - the - scenes documentary footage filmed in Kansas City , Missouri detailing the stand - up comedian 's personal life and family as he travels to a family reunion to reunite with the cast of characters who are the root of his comedy : his mother , an uncle who was an ex - pimp , and his Uncle Curtis , who pontificates on his career as a porno director .

The ACBL King or Queen of Bridge is a graduating high school senior annually designated by the American Contract Bridge League . A $ 1000 scholarship accompanies the title . The King or Queen is the high school senior in North America ( US , Canada , Mexico , and Bermuda ) with the " best record in bridge " . Students now formally enter the annual contest and identify their qualifications . Beside outstanding performance in bridge tournaments , the winner is commonly cited for sportsmanship and for " bridge activities such as teaching , directing , and unit / district participation " . The King of Bridge was established in 1973 by Homer Shoop of Indiana as a prize for the high school senior with the greatest number of ACBL master points . The second and third winners , Jeff Meckstroth and Bobby Levin in 1974 and 1975 , won the 1981 Bermuda Bowl as United States teammates ; Levin was the youngest person to be a world champion at bridge . Several other Kings and Queens have become leading expert players .

Vinod K. Aggarwal ( born November 26 , 1953 ) is Professor of Political Science , Affiliated Professor in the Haas School of Business , and directs the Berkeley APEC Study Center ( BASC ) at the University of California at Berkeley . He is a Visiting Professor at INSEAD 's Asia campus , a blogger for the Harvard Business Review , and has contributed to the New York Times . He also serves as Editor - in - Chief of the journal Business and Politics . Aggarwal is a frequent commentator and author about issues related to international political economy . In 2006 , Aggarwal described Washington 's selective trade policies as undermining the creation of an Asia - Pacific zone . He forecast that the mounting U.S. trade deficit with China might render any specific regional free trade deal between the United States and China as " dead on arrival in Congress for the foreseeable future . " Later , during the 2009 global recession of world markets , Aggarwal was a prominent critic of the Fortress Asia theory which speculated that East Asian countries such as China and Japan would align to become a protectionist trade bloc averse to Western imports .

Umberto Smaila ( born 26 June 1950 ) is an Italian actor , composer , comedian , television personality , entrepreneur and musician . Born in Verona , in the early-1970s Smaila co - founded together with Jerry Calà , Franco Oppini and Ninì Salerno a cabaret - ensemble , " i gatti di Vicolo Miracoli " . The group , reduced to three components since 1982 , appeared on several successful TV programs and films and released several songs . After the disbandment of the group Smaila was the television presenter of a number of quiz and variety shows , most notably the late night show . In nineties he founded the " U.S.Band " , an orchestra with whom he was cast in several television programs . As a composer , Smaila signed the musical scores of several genre films including Beast with a Gun ( 1977 ) , Il ragazzo del pony express ( 1986 ) , Sweets from a Stranger ( 1987 ) , Delitti e profumi ( 1988 ) and Chicken Park ( 1994 ) . The main theme of Beast with a Gun was later included in the soundtrack of Quentin Tarantino 's Jackie Brown . Smaila also wrote and directed a musical comedy film , Italian Boys , released in 1982 . He is the founder of the brand Smaila 's , a chain of restaurants and nightclubs specialized in live music .

Fate of Norns is the fifth full - length studio album by the Swedish death metal band Amon Amarth . It was released on September 6 , 2004 through Metal Blade Records . This album continued their slower , heavier sound which started on the previous album Versus the World . Before Fate of Norns was officially released by Metal Blade , promo copies were distributed with CD - ROM extras including pictures , biographies , sheets and logos . The album was released in conventional LP format as well as a limited digipak edition . The latter includes a live bonus DVD , Amon Amarth Live at Grand Rokk , which features live recordings and three - camera footage of a live performance in Reykjavík , Iceland on March 5 , 2004 . " The Pursuit of Vikings " was also made into a music video . When asked to comment on the album , lead vocalist Johan Hegg , remarked :

Guitar Hero : Aerosmith is a music rhythm game developed by Neversoft , published by Activision and distributed by RedOctane . It was released on the PlayStation 3 , Wii and Xbox 360 consoles , with Budcat Creations solely developing the PlayStation 2 port , Vicarious Visions solely developing the Wii port , and Aspyr Media solely publishing the Microsoft Windows and Mac OS X ports . The game was released on June 26 , 2008 in Europe , on June 29 , 2008 in North America , August 6 , 2008 in Australia and October 9 , 2008 in Japan . Guitar Hero : Aerosmith sold as both a bundle with a specially designed guitar controller as well as a game - only package . The game is considered an expansion in the Guitar Hero series , extending upon the general features of . As with other games in the series , the player uses a guitar - shaped controller to simulate the playing of rock music by playing in - time to scrolling notes on - screen . It is the first game in the series to primarily focus on the work of one rock band , with Aerosmith songs comprising approximately 70 % of the soundtrack , while the remaining songs are from bands that have been influenced by or opened for Aerosmith . The single player Career mode allows the player to follow the history of the band through several real - world - inspired venues , interspersed with interviews from the band members about their past . Aerosmith re - recorded four songs for this game , and have participated in a motion capture session to create their in - game appearances . Guitar Hero : Aerosmith is the final installment of the series to only feature guitar and bass as possible instrument choices . The next entry ( Guitar Hero World Tour ) would introduce other roles to create a full band experience . While Guitar Hero : Aerosmith maintains the same gameplay as past Guitar Hero games , it has received criticism for being shorter and easier than the previous Guitar Hero titles and difficult to justify its price point ; furthermore , with the game 's strong focus on one band , reviewers felt that the game 's ultimate enjoyment rested on the player 's appreciation and fandom for the music of Aerosmith .

Ocean County Vocational Technical School Performing Arts Academy or PAA for short is a specialized , public high school program which concentrates heavily on the fields of performing arts such as dance , vocal music , and theater , serving students in ninth through twelfth grades from all of Ocean County , New Jersey , United States . Located in Lakehurst , it is the sister high school of the Marine Academy of Technology and Environmental Sciences , another full - time program that is also part of the Ocean County Vocational Technical School district . Because the school is a full - time program , students take both their performance major and academic courses at the school . The school is accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Secondary Schools . As of the 2015 - 16 school year , the school had an enrollment of 266 students and 6.0 classroom teachers ( on an FTE basis ) , for a student – teacher ratio of 44.3:1 . There were no students eligible for free lunch and none eligible for reduced - cost lunch .

Baron Margadale , of Islay in the County of Argyll , is a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom . It was created on 1 January 1965 for the Conservative politician John Morrison . the title is held by his grandson , the third baron , who succeeded his father in 2003 . The barony of Margadale is the most recent hereditary barony granted to an individual outside the royal family . The barony is named after the area of Margadale , in Islay . James Morrison , great - grandfather of the first Baron , was a Hampshire innkeeper 's son who became the greatest textile wholesaler in England and a prominent merchant banker . He left circa £ 4 million in 1857 , the second largest non - landed fortune in Britain up to that time after Nathan Mayer Rothschild 's £ 5 million . James 's son Charles Morrison continued in the same lines of business , and left £ 10.9 million in 1909 , which was the largest British estate for probate purposes up to that time . He was probably the second richest man in Britain at his death , after the Duke of Westminster . Charles Morrison 's nephew Hugh Morrison was the father of the first Baron Margadale . James Morrison , uncle of the first Baron , was a politician . The Honourable Sir Charles Morrison and the Honourable Sir Peter Morrison , younger sons of the first Baron , were both Conservative politicians . The family seat is Fonthill House , near Fonthill Bishop , Wiltshire .

The music of Northeast China is influenced by the folk traditions of the Manchu and other ethnic groups in the region . There is a great variety of music in the region , with the most well known throughout China possibly being the Youyouzha , a kind of lullaby that has spread throughout the country . Prominent performers from the Northeast include the mid-20th - century film composer Lei Zhenbang and pop stars Xiao Ke and Na Ying . Ethnic Manchu music is dominated by percussion instruments and it has largely been influenced by their native shamanism . Two forms of drum prevail , the wooden framed imcin , and the metal framed dangu which also has a handle attached to the ring . The dangu is the instrument most strongly identified with Manchu shamans . The octagonal drum is an important and distinctive musical instrument , said to derive from one made from eight pieces of wood given by the eight tribes of the Manchu people , thus symbolizing the unity of these tribes . During the Qing Dynasty , the instrument spread to Beijing and Tianjin , and is still known there

Rahul Dev Burman ( 27 June 1939 – 4 January 1994 ) was an Indian music director who is regarded as one of the most influential composers of the Indian film industry . Nicknamed Pancham , he was the only son of the composer Sachin Dev Burman . From the 1960s to the 1990s , Burman composed musical scores for 331 films . He was mainly active in the Hindi film industry as a composer , and also provided vocals for a few compositions . Burman did major work with Asha Bhosle ( his wife ) and Kishore Kumar and scored many of the songs that made these singers famous . He also scored many songs sung by Lata Mangeshkar . He served as an influence to the next generation of Indian music directors , and his songs continue to be popular in India .

It Wo n't Be Soon Before Long is the second studio album by the American pop rock band Maroon 5 . It was released in May 2007 by A&M ; Octone Records , as the follow - up to their debut album Songs About Jane ( 2002 ) . The name was inspired by a phrase the band adopted to keep themselves motivated while on their tour . The album debuted at number one on the U.S. Billboard 200 , selling around 430,000 copies in its first week and , as of 2011 , approximately 5 million copies worldwide . It is the first feature drummer Matt Flynn . The band 's former drummer , percussionist and background vocalist – Ryan Dusick , who officially left the band in 2006 due to serious wrist and shoulder injuries , was credited as the " Musical Director " . The band embarked on the It Wo n't Be Soon Before Long Tour ( 2007 – 2008 ) to support of the album .

Humphrey the Bear is a cartoon character created by the Walt Disney studio in 1950 . He first appeared in the Goofy cartoon Hold That Pose , in which Goofy tried to take his picture . After that he appeared in four classic Donald Duck cartoons : Rugged Bear , Grin and Bear It , Bearly Asleep , and Beezy Bear . Disney gave him his own series in 1955 , but only two films resulted ( Hooked Bear and In the Bag ) before Disney discontinued making theatrical short subjects . When the shorts division closed , Humphrey was the last of only seven Disney characters who had been given a series of their own , starring in cartoons who opened with their own logo ( the six others were Mickey Mouse , Donald Duck , Goofy , Pluto , Chip ' n ' Dale ( counting as one ) , and Figaro ) . The Humphrey cartoons have been aptly described by Leonard Maltin as " belly - laugh " shorts , and they feature a broader , wilder style of comedy than the usually cute or coy Disney gags .

St. James ' Gate Brewery ( ) is a brewery founded in 1759 in Dublin , Ireland , by Arthur Guinness . The company is now a part of Diageo , a company formed from the merger of Guinness and Grand Metropolitan in 1997 . The main product of the brewery is Guinness Draught . Originally leased in 1759 to Arthur Guinness at IR£45 ( Irish pounds ) per year for 9,000 years , St. James ' Gate has been the home of Guinness ever since . It became the largest brewery in Ireland in 1838 , and the largest in the world by 1886 , with an annual output of 1.2   million barrels . Although no longer the largest brewery in the world , it is still the largest brewer of stout in the world . The company has since bought out the originally leased property , and during the 19th and early 20th centuries the brewery owned most of the buildings in the surrounding area , including many streets of housing for brewery employees , and offices associated with the brewery . The brewery also made all of its own power using its own power plant . There is an attached exhibition on the 250-year - old history of Guinness , called the Guinness Storehouse .

Marie Gevers ( 30 December 1883 – 9 March 1975 ) was a Belgian novelist . She was born in Edegem , near Antwerp . Educated by her mother , she had a special interest in literature . Very early in life , she composed bucolic poetry , encouraged by Verhaeren . Married in 1908 to Jan Frans Willems and mother of Paul Willems , she dedicated her entire life to her family . In fact , one of the distinctive traits of her poetry was the love of her origins and familial roots . In 1917 her first anthology , Missenbourg , was published . Later , around 1930 , she began to focus on writing in prose : Madame Orpha ou la sérénade de mai ( 1933 ) , Guldentop ( 1934 ) and La ligne de vie ( 1937 ) continue this constant interest in the little people and life in Antwerp . Marie Gevers was the first woman to be elected to the Académie Royale de Langue et de Littérature Françaises de Belgique ( Royal Academy of French Language and Literature in Belgium ) in 1938 . In 1960 , she was awarded the grand quinquennial Prize for French Literature . She died on 9 March 1975 .

Gogo ( died 581 ) was the mayor of the palace of Austrasia and nutricius ( also nutritius , tutor / regent ) for the young Childebert II from 576 until his death . Gogo had become a very prominent member of the court of Sigebert I by 565 . It was he who headed an embassy to Spain to fetch the Visigothic princess Brunhilda , Sigebert 's betrothed . When Sigebert was assassinated he , possibly at the request of Brunhilda , took over the regency for Sigebert and Brunhilda 's son Childebert . There is a letter , an important but difficult source , written by Gogo , but undated and unattached to the name of either king he served . It has traditionally been assigned to around the year of his death ( 581 ) and said to have been written on behalf of Childebert to the Lombard Duke of Friuli , Grasulf . An alternative solution put forward by Walter Goffart places it as early as 571 – 572 around the time of Sigebert 's embassy to Constantinople .

Grave Dwellers , is a term about a particular form of homelessness in Iran , in which unstable or poor people are intending to get rid of the cold , so they sleep inside the graves not in use yet , rather than cardboard boxes in public areas . This phenomenon was first noted in 2016 with the report of Shahrvand Newspaper , mentioning about 50 grave dwellers in the cemetery of Nasirabad Shahriar , Tehran , and caused many reactions in the social networks and among the social celebrities . Some sources , after the publication of the report about the grave dwellers in Nasirabad , reported that the cemetery was cleared by beating and pounding them out of there . In a letter to President Rouhani , the Oscar - winning Iranian director Asghar Farhadi expressed " shame " and " regret " about the condition of those " men , women , and children who spend their cold nights in a graveyard . "

Thalys ( French : ) is a French - Belgian high - speed train operator originally built around the LGV Nord high - speed line between Paris and Brussels . This track is shared with Eurostar trains that go from Paris , Brussels or Amsterdam to London via Lille and the Channel Tunnel and with French domestic TGV trains . Thalys serves Amsterdam ( via the HSL - Zuid , a service part of NS International ) and Cologne as well . Its system is managed by Thalys International ( SNCF ( 62 % ) , NMBS / SNCB ( 28 % ) , and Deutsche Bahn ( 10 % ) ) and operated by THI Factory ( SNCF ( 60 % ) , NMBS / SNCB ( 40 % ) ) .

Adandozan was a King of the Kingdom of Dahomey , in present - day Benin , from 1797 until 1818 . His rule ended with a coup by his brother Ghezo who then erased Adandozan from the official history resulting in high uncertainty about many aspects of his life . Adandozan took over from his father Agonglo in 1797 but was quite young at the time and so there was a regent in charge of the kingdom until 1804 . Dealing with the economic depression that had defined the administrations of his father Agonglo and grandfather Kpengla , Adandozan tried to increase slave raiding , increase European trade , and when these failed reform the economy to focus on agriculture . Unfortunately , these efforts did not end domestic dissent and in 1818 at the Annual Customs of Dahomey , Ghezo and Francisco Félix de Sousa , a powerful Brazilian slave trader , organized a coup d'état and replaced Adandozan . He was left alive and lived until the 1860s hidden in the palaces while he was largely erased from official royal history .

St. Thomas Church ( German : Thomaskirche ) is a Lutheran church in Leipzig , Germany . It is associated with a number of well - known composers such as Richard Wagner and Felix Mendelssohn Bartholdy , but mostly with Johann Sebastian Bach who worked here as a Kapellmeister ( music director ) from 1723 until his death in 1750 . Today , the church also holds his remains . Martin Luther preached here in 1539 . Although rebuilt over the centuries and damaged by Allied incendiary bombs in 1943 , the church today mainly retains the character of a late - Gothic hall church . The Thomanerchor , the choir of the Thomaskirche , likely founded in 1212 , remains a well - known boys ' choir .

The Armitage River is a tributary of Chibougamau Lake , flowing in the town of Chibougamau , in Jamésie , in the administrative region of Nord - du - Québec , in the province of Quebec , in Canada . The course of the river flows in the townships of Lemoine and Dollier . The hydrographic slope of the " Armitage River " is accessible by the junction of a forest road serving the eastern side of Chibougamau Lake ; the latter is connected by the North to route 167 which also serves the south side of Waconichi Lake and the Waconichi River . This last road comes from Chibougamau , going north - east to the south - eastern part of Mistassini Lake . The surface of the " Armitage River " is usually frozen from early November to mid - May , however safe ice circulation is generally from mid - November to mid - April .

Edith Williams ( 24 June 1899 – 24 November 1979 ) was a Canadian veterinarian , the second woman from the country to complete her training at the Ontario Veterinary College and life partner of Dr Frieda Fraser . Initially entering university in 1916 , Williams dropped out after one year . After a three - year trip abroad while she worked as a clerk in a bank and the Canadian immigration office , she returned to Toronto and took up farming on a farm she had inherited . After ten years of raising livestock , Williams was accepted into veterinary school and graduated in 1941 . For the next twenty - five years , she had a private small - animal veterinary practice in Toronto . During the periods when Fraser and Williams were separated , they wrote letters daily . Their correspondence was preserved and donated after Fraser 's death to the University of Toronto libraries . It is a unique portrait of lesbian life in the early twentieth century , as few such records have survived .

Sarah Hallam Douglass ( d. Philadelphia , 1773 ) was an English - born American stage actress and theatre director . She was married to Lewis Hallam , with whom she travelled to America to perform in his company in 1752 . This was the first permanent theater company in North America and thus had a pioneer role in the theater history of America . Sarah Hallam Douglass , along with the other female members of the troupe , was thus among the first pioner professional actresses in North America . She was the leading lady of the company and performed principal female roles until she gradually left them to Margaret Cheer and Nancy Hallam in the mid 1760s . Her spouse died in Jamaica , where the company had gone to perform . After the death of Lewis Hallam she married David Douglas , with whom she formed the American Company in 1758 . Her son by Lewis , Lewis Hallam , Jr. became an actor in his mother and step father 's company .

Crossing the Water is a 1971 posthumous collection of poetry by Sylvia Plath that was prepared for publication by Ted Hughes . These are transitional poems that were written along with the poems that appear in her poetic opus , Ariel . The collection was published in the United Kingdom by Faber & Faber ( 1975 ) and in the United States by Harper & Row ( 1976 ) . The poems here tend to dwell on one 's state of being in an environment . " Wuthering Heights , " for example , details a walk that Plath takes along the Yorkshire moors where Emily Brontë once trekked , Finisterre is a stormy island where Plath and her family once visited and " Among the Narcissi " describes Plath 's similarities at being among asexual vegetation .

Google Sheets is a spreadsheet program included as part of a free , web - based software office suite offered by Google within its Google Drive service . The service also includes Google Docs and Google Slides , a word processor and presentation program respectively . Google Sheets is available as a web application , mobile app for Android , iOS , Windows , BlackBerry , and as a desktop application on Google 's ChromeOS . The app is compatible with Microsoft Excel file formats . The app allows users to create and edit files online while collaborating with other users in real - time . Edits are tracked by user with a revision history presenting changes . An editor 's position is highlighted with an editor - specific color and cursor and a permissions system regulates what users can do . Updates have introduced features using machine learning , including " Explore " , offering answers based on natural language questions in a spreadsheet .

Air Marshal Sir Bruce Reid Ferguson , ( born 14 July 1949 ) is a retired Royal New Zealand Air Force officer who served as Chief of the New Zealand Defence Force and Director of the Government Communications Security Bureau . He took up the appointment when the previous director , Warren Tucker , was appointed as Director of the Security Intelligence Service on 1 November 2006 . Ferguson 's term of appointment was for four years , stepping down from the role in 2011 . Previous to this he was the acting director of the New Zealand Ministry of Civil Defence & Emergency Management , after he retired earlier in 2006 from a distinguished military career which culminated in four years as the New Zealand Chief of Defence Force .

Harold John Pye ( 27 November 1901 - 20 January 1986 ) was the son of William George Pye who , in 1896 , started a company called W G Pye which manufactured scientific and optical equipment . The firm prospered during the Second World War by manufacturing specialist equipment such as gun sights . After the war , new products needed to be found and the company started to manufacture radio parts and eventually a radio . Harold joined the firm and helped to develop a new radio which proved so successful that the radio manufacturing side of W G Pye and the rights to the name Pye Radio were bought . William and Harold continued to operate W G Pye making optical equipment . In 1949 , Pye Radio approached Harold with a substantial offer that would reunite the radio and optical divisions . The offer was accepted and Harold retired to become a farmer at Burnham on Crouch in Essex . He died at Ipswich , Suffolk , on 20 January 1986 .

Sasha Sokolov ( born Александр Всеволодович Соколов/Alexander Vsevolodovitch Sokolov on November 6 , 1943 , in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada ) is a paradoxical writer of Russian literature . He became known worldwide in the 1970s after his first novel , A School for Fools , had been published in translation by Ardis Publishing ( Ann Arbor , Michigan ) in the US , and later reissued by Four Walls Eight Windows . Sokolov is one of the most important authors of 20th - century Russian literature . He is well acclaimed for his unorthodox use of language , playing with rhythms , sounds and associations . The author himself coined the term " proeziia " for his work — in between prose and poetry ( English close form of the term can sound as " proetry " ) .

The National Palace is a palace in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia . It is also known as the Jubilee Palace . The palace was built in 1955 to mark the Silver Jubilee of His Imperial Majesty Emperor Haile Selassie . After a coup attempt in the Guenete Leul Palace in 1960 , the Emperor made the Jubilee Palace his main residence . However , the seat of government remained at the Imperial Palace . The palace was expanded and doubled in size between 1966 and 1967 . The Jubilee Palace was the site of the dethronement of Emperor Haile Selassie in September 1974 . Ten low ranking military officers appeared before the Emperor in the palace library and read him the statement of the Derg ( military council ) , which officially removed him from the throne . The Derg renamed the Palace the " National Palace " , which it still bears today . The Derg used this Palace for state ceremonies involving visiting heads of state , state banquets and receptions . The Derg added a swimming pool to the grounds . With the fall of the Derg , and the proclamation of the Federal Republic , the Jubilee Palace became the official residence of the President of the Federal Democratic Republic of Ethiopia . The President has a ceremonial role and uses the palace for official functions . The Ethiopian Government has announced its intention to build a new official presidential residence . The National Palace will then be opened as a museum . It will continue to house the President of the Republic until that time .

The Veleka ( , ) is a river in the very southeast of Bulgaria ( Burgas Province ) , as well as the very northeast of European Turkey . It is 147   km long , of which 108   km in Bulgaria and 25   km in Turkey , and takes it sources from a number of Karst springs in the Turkish part of the Strandzha ( İstranca ) mountain to flow into the Black Sea at the Bulgarian village of Sinemorets . Veleka is situated in Strandzha Nature Park . The river 's width near the mouth is from 8 to 10   m and its depth ranges from 2 to 4   m. At its mouth , the Veleka is 50   m wide and 7 to 8   m deep , overflowing shortly before making a turn and pouring into the sea . The waters of the Veleka are rich in flora and fauna , with more than 30 species of freshwater fish being present , the most frequent one being the chub . Five endangered animal species inhabit the river , as well as important regional plants .

Paranephrops is a genus of freshwater crayfish found only in New Zealand . They are known as crayfish in New Zealand English and koura ( or kōura ) in Māori ( although both names are also used in New Zealand for the distantly related marine rock lobsters ) . The two species are the northern koura , Paranephrops planifrons , found mainly in the North Island , but also in Marlborough , Nelson , and the West Coast of the South Island ; and the southern koura , Paranephrops zealandicus , found only in the eastern and southern of the South Island and on Stewart Island / Rakiura . Both species are a traditional food for Māori , and a small koura aquaculture industry supplies the restaurant market .

Walter Kohl ( born 16 July 1963 ) is a German financial analyst , businessman and author . He is the elder of the two sons of the former German Chancellor Helmut Kohl and Hannelore Kohl , and the brother of Peter Kohl . Walter Kohl was formerly married to Professor Christine Volkmann , the UNESCO Chair for Entrepreneurship and Intercultural Management . They have a son , Johannes Volkmann , who is active in politics for the CDU . Walter Kohl is married in his second marriage to the Korean - born Kyung - Sook Kohl née Hwang . After his military service , he attended college at Harvard University from 1985 to 1989 . He graduated with a Bachelor of Arts and majored in economics and history . In 1990 he obtained a master 's degree in economics at the University of Vienna . He subsequently worked as a financial analyst focusing on the oil and gas industry and capital markets at Morgan Stanley 's New York City office . In 1993 , he obtained an MBA at INSEAD in France . He returned to Germany in 1994 . In 1999 , he founded a consulting firm with his father Helmut Kohl . The cooperation ended in 2005 , when he founded a company with his second wife , Kohl & Hwang . In 2011 he published the book Leben oder gelebt werden about his family , which received much media attention and became a bestseller in Germany . His second book Leben was du fühlst was published in 2013 .

Brian Wecht ( born April 22 , 1975 ) , also known by his stage and character name Ninja Brian , is an American multi - instrumental musician ( but mainly keyboardist ) , songwriter , comedian , record producer , Internet personality , writer , actor , social media manager , and retired theoretical physicist . He is best known as one half of the comedy musical duo Ninja Sex Party , one third of the video game - based comedy music trio Starbomb , and a member of the team of the Let 's Play webseries Game Grumps , all three alongside Dan Avidan . Wecht originally worked as a theoretical physicist , and notably held research positions at Harvard University , the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , the Institute for Advanced Study , the University of Michigan , and the Queen Mary University of London . Specialized in particle physics , his work included research on string theory , supersymmetry , and quantum field theory . He retired in 2015 , choosing to join Game Grumps while focusing on his musical career . He is also the co - creator of The Story Collider , a science - based story telling podcast recorded in front of a live audience . An improv comedian and musician , Wecht met Avidan in 2009 . The same year , the two created Ninja Sex Party , in which Wecht plays the character of Ninja Brian , an uncommunicative , homicidal masked ninja , in both live shows and music videos . He performed all instruments on early Ninja Sex Party albums , including guitar , bass , and drums , until Tupper Ware Remix Party started acting as their backing band in 2015 . Since May 2018 , Wecht also portrays Ninja Brian on his own live comedy show titled Ninja Brian 's All - Star Variety Luau Spectacular .

Roberto Lardera ( December , 1911 – 1989 ) , was a notable Italian sculptor of the 20th Century . He was informally known as Berto Lardera . He was born in La Spezia , Italy , the son of a shipyard worker . He was self - taught and his leanings towards monumental , metallic sculptures may have been influenced by the sights he grew up with in the naval dockyards . In 1947 Lardera moved to Paris , where he remained until his death in 1989 . He exhibited at the Galerie Denise René and then at the Salon de Mai and the Salon des Réalités Nouvelles . Lardera 's sculpture began with abstract metal structures based on two dimensions , or a flat geometrical plane , which challenged the conventional form of sculpture based around volume and enclosed spaces . Later his work became more diverse , with his geometrical constructions branching out into the horizontal as well as the vertical plane and often resulting in series based on a single theme , such as his Miracles , Aubes and Archanges series . His sculptures are to be found the world over , in Europe , America and Japan . They show the use of a wide range of different metals , as well as different dimensions . Lardera did not produce very many prints , but his interest in using different planes and dimensions led to him making markedly " sculptural " prints . He used a unique technique , cutting forms and designs with his sculpting tools in thick iron plates from which the prints were pulled . He used no acid or chemical processes .

The term culture industry ( ) was coined by the critical theorists Theodor Adorno ( 1903 – 1969 ) and Max Horkheimer ( 1895 – 1973 ) , and was presented as critical vocabulary in the chapter " The Culture Industry : Enlightenment as Mass Deception " , of the book Dialectic of Enlightenment ( 1944 ) , wherein they proposed that popular culture is akin to a factory producing standardized cultural goods — films , radio programmes , magazines , etc .— that are used to manipulate mass society into passivity . Consumption of the easy pleasures of popular culture , made available by the mass communications media , renders people docile and content , no matter how difficult their economic circumstances . The inherent danger of the culture industry is the cultivation of false psychological needs that can only be met and satisfied by the products of capitalism ; thus Adorno and Horkheimer especially perceived mass - produced culture as dangerous to the more technically and intellectually difficult high arts . In contrast , true psychological needs are freedom , creativity , and genuine happiness , which refer to an earlier demarcation of human needs , established by Herbert Marcuse . ( See Eros and Civilization , 1955 ) .

Hans Achim Litten ( 19 June 1903 – 5 February 1938 ) was a German lawyer who represented opponents of the Nazis at important political trials between 1929 and 1932 , defending the rights of workers during the Weimar Republic . During one , Litten subpoenaed Adolf Hitler , to appear as a witness , where Litten then cross - examined Hitler for three hours . Hitler was so rattled by the experience that , years later , he would not allow Litten 's name to be mentioned in his presence . In retaliation , Litten was arrested on the night of the Reichstag fire along with other progressive lawyers and leftists . Litten spent the rest of his life in one German concentration camp or another , enduring torture and many interrogations . After five years and a move to Dachau , where his treatment worsened and he was cut off from all outside communication , he committed suicide . A number of memorials to him exist in Germany , but Litten was largely ignored for decades because his politics did not fit comfortably in either the west or the communist postwar propaganda . Not until 2011 was Litten finally portrayed in the mass media , when the BBC broadcast The Man Who Crossed Hitler , a television film set in Berlin in summer 1931 .

Pentti Pouttu , died 1597 in Turku , Sweden ( now Finland ) was a Finnish peasant from the province of Ostrobothnia . He was one of the leaders of the 1596/97 peasant uprising , the Cudgel War . Year of Pouttu 's birth is unknown , but at the time of his death he was approximately 50–60 years old . Pouttu joined the rebellions in November 1596 . He was the leader of the 200 men peasant army marching from Ostrobothnia to the province of Satakunta . On 20 December 1596 , Pouttu and his men reached the Anola mansion in Ulvila . Their intention was to persuade the colonel Axel Kurck to join the rebellions , but he stayed loyal to the king Sigismund III . The peasants were beaten by Kurck 's cavalry and Pouttu was captured . He was held at the Turku castle where Pouttu died in 1597 .

St Levan ( ) is a civil parish in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom . The parish is rural with a number of hamlets of varying size with Porthcurno probably being the best known . Hewn out of the cliff at Minack Point and overlooking the sea to the Logan Rock is the open - air Minack Theatre , the inspiration of Rowena Cade in the early 1930s . St Levan lies within the Cornwall Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty ( AONB ) and the South West Coast Path , which follows the coast of south - west England from Somerset to Dorset passes by on the cliffs . There are two Sites of Special Scientific Interest ( SSSI ) , designated for the vegetation and geology , and Gwennap Head in particular , is favoured by birdwatchers , many who travel the length and breadth of Britain to watch rare seabirds .

Wazirwola ( wazīrwāla , meaning " of the Wazirs " ) , or Waziri ( ) , is an east - central Pashto dialect spoken in North Waziristan , South Waziristan , Bannu and parts of Tank in Pakistan , and in certain adjacent districts of Paktika , Khost and Paktia provinces of Afghanistan . The Wazir dialect is almost identical to the dialect spoken around Urgon ( eastern Paktika province ) and the Bannuchi dialect of Bannu , and somewhat resembles the dialect spoken by Khattaks in Karak . The dialects of Loya Paktia like Khosti and Zadrani are also very closely related , except that they are of the harsh northern variety . Wazirwola differs significantly in pronunciation and grammar from the standard literary Pashto based on the larger Kandahar , Kabul and Yousafzai dialects . The vowels [ a ] , [ ɑ ] , [ u ] and [ o ] of standard Pashto yield [ ɑ ] , [ o ] , [ i ] and [ e ] respectively , so [ paʂto ] becomes [ pɑɕte ] in Waziri . A special feature of Waziri is that the phonemes [ ʃ ] and [ ʂ ] , along with their voiced counterparts , [ ʒ ] and [ ʐ ] , have merged into the phonemes [ ɕ ] and [ ʑ ] , both of which also exist in the nearby Ormuri language of Kaniguram , South Waziristan . The Pashto alphabet has no symbol for their expression and the regular symbols of ژ and ش may be used . The standard Pashto word for " boy " , " هلک " [ halək ] , is rarely heard in Waziri , instead , " وېړکی " [ weɻkai ] meaning " little one " is used . The word " ləshki " [ ləɕki ] is used instead of the standard " لږ " [ ləʐ ] , " a little bit " . The pronoun موږ ( [ muʐ ] or [ mung ] ) , meaning " we " , is pronounced [ miʑ ] in Waziri . Waziri , like many other obscure Pashto dialects , is almost never written and its speakers may use standard Pashto as a literary language . Waziri Pashto is spoken by various tribes , and it is also called Maseedwola by the Mahsuds and Dawarwola by the Dawari . There are slight differences in pronunciation , for example , the phonemes [ t͡s ] and [ d͡z ] can become [ s ] and [ z ] , or even [ t͡ʃ ] and [ d͡ʒ ] , depending on the tribe or area the speaker is from .

Night Over Water is a politically minded novel written by author Ken Follett and published by William Morrow in 1991 . It was reprinted as a paperback book in the United States in 1992 . Night Over Water is a fictionalized account of the final flight of the Pan American Clipper passenger airplane during the first few days of World War II , early September , 1939 . Follett is careful to state that , though the flight and all of the characters are fictional the plane , a Boeing 314 , was real and was nicknamed the " Pan Am Clipper . " It was a seaplane , an aircraft that landed in the sea , not on an airstrip , powered by 4 propeller engines . It was capable of crossing the Atlantic Ocean in little more than 24 hours with intermediate stops in Shannon Estuary at Foynes , Ireland , Bay of Exploits at Botwood , Newfoundland and Shediac Bay , Canada , at each of which stop Follett adds a scene or two of intrigue . This route made the Pan Am Clipper the fastest mode of transatlantic travel at the time — and very appealing to those who wanted to escape from Britain before the start of the war . The tale begins with several separated threads , telling the individual stories of the people who later all end up in this last flight to New York . Though Follett manages to bundle all these together , the events the characters share while travelling with the clipper are still told through the perspectives introduced before . Each of these main characters is heading for his own interests in the beginning but soon they melt together . The theme is the importance of recognizing the threat of totalitarianism and also a feminist message of women standing up for themselves .

The Rocket Post is a 2004 British drama film directed by Stephen Whittaker and starring Ulrich Thomsen , Shauna Macdonald , Kevin McKidd and Patrick Malahide . It is set on a remote Scottish island during the late 1930s . The arrival of German rocket scientist Gerhard Zucker is not initially welcomed by the inhabitants of the island . The film was shot in 2001 , but its release was delayed by several years . Additional footage was shot in 2005 , and the film was given a limited release in Scotland the following year . The story is very loosely based on experiments in 1934 by the German inventor Gerhard Zucker to provide a postal service to the island of Scarp by rocket mail . Another fictionalised account of the experiment formed the basis of a 2001 film , also called The Rocket Post , which was filmed on Taransay . The film 's original score was composed by Nigel Clarke & Michael Csanyi - Wills and recorded by the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra in London .

Turkey shares its longest common border with Syria ; various geographic and historical links also tie the two neighboring countries together . The traditional tenseness in relations had been due to disputes including the self annexation of the Hatay Province to Turkey in 1939 , water disputes resulting from the Southeastern Anatolia Project , and Syria 's support for the Kurdistan Workers ' Party ( abbreviated as PKK ) and the now - dissolved Armenian Secret Army for the Liberation of Armenia ( abbreviated as ASALA ) which has been recognised as a terrorist organisation by NATO , EU , and many other countries . Relations improved greatly after October 1998 , when PKK leader Abdullah Öcalan was expelled by Syrian authorities . However , the Syrian civil war has once again strained relations between the two countries , leading to the suspension of diplomatic contact . A serious incident occurred with the Syrian downing of a Turkish military training flight in June 2012 , resulting in Turkey calling an emergency meeting of NATO . Syria had maintained an embassy in Ankara and two consulates – general in Istanbul and Gaziantep . Turkey had an embassy in Damascus and a consulate – general in Aleppo . Diplomatic relations between the countries were severed in March 2012 , due to the Syrian civil war . Turkey is a full member of the Union for the Mediterranean and the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation ( OIC ) while Syria 's membership was suspended due to the civil war .

James Drewry Stewart , ( March 29 , 1941December 3 , 2014 ) was a Canadian mathematician , violinist , and professor emeritus of mathematics at McMaster University . Stewart received his master of science at Stanford University and his doctor of philosophy from the University of Toronto in 1967 . He worked for two years as a postdoctoral fellow at the University of London , where his research focused on harmonic and functional analysis . Stewart is best known for his series of calculus textbooks used for high school , college , and university level courses . His books are standard textbooks in universities in many countries . One of his most well - known textbooks is Calculus : Early Transcendentals ( 1995 ) . Stewart was also a violinist , and a former member of the Hamilton Philharmonic Orchestra .

The Committee on Judicial Accountability ( CJA ) is a group of lawyers in India who work to improve the accountability of judges . In 1998 the committee prepared a charge sheet to impeach Justice Madan Mohan Punchhi , and obtained the signatures of 25 Rajya Sabha MPs . However , Punchhi was appointed Chief Justice of India before the required 50 signatures had been obtained , at which point it became impossible to gain further support for the motion . The Committee on Judicial Accountability issued a highly critical report on the Judges Enquiry Bill , 2006 , saying of that bill that it " is going to reduce whatever little accountability of Judges remained under the present Judges Enquiry Act " . Anil B. Divan said " The aforementioned new bill is worse than the old Judges Inquiry Act and it needs to be scrapped in toto . This new bill is nothing but a sham " . In December 2009 the CJA stated that it considered that recommendations for judicial appointments should only be made after a public debate , including review by members of the bar of the affected high courts . This statement was made in relation to controversy about the appointments of justices C. K. Prasad and P. D. Dinakaran . The statement was signed by Ram Jethmalani , Shanti Bhushan , Fali Sam Nariman , Anil B. Divan , Kamini Jaiswal and Prashant Bhushan . Prashant Bhushan is also the convenor of the Working Committee of the Campaign for Judicial Accountability and Judicial Reforms .

" The C Word " is the fourteenth episode of the first season of the American television comedy series 30 Rock . It was written by series creator Tina Fey and directed by Adam Bernstein . The episode originally aired on the National Broadcasting Company ( NBC ) in the United States on February 15 , 2007 . Guest stars in this episode include Kevin Brown , Grizz Chapman , Rachel Dratch , John Lutz , Keith Powell , Lonny Ross , Rip Torn , and Charlyne Yi . In the episode , after being criticized for her working habits by her co - workers , head writer Liz Lemon ( Fey ) decides to be more lenient with her writing staff . Meanwhile , Jack Donaghy ( Alec Baldwin ) brings Tracy Jordan ( Tracy Morgan ) to a major golf event to get closer to Don Geiss ( Torn ) , the CEO of General Electric ( GE ) , but his plan backfires when Tracy decides to drop " truth bombs " . " The C Word " has received generally positive reviews from television critics . According to the Nielsen ratings system , the episode was watched by 5.0   million households during its original broadcast , and received a 2.5 rating/6 share among viewers in the 18–49 demographic .

The Facit catalog is a specialized postage stamp catalog for the countries of Scandinavia . First published in 1947 , it is the most detailed and complete catalog available for philatelists interested in the stamps of Denmark , Faroes , Finland , Iceland , Norway , Sweden , Greenland , Åland , and the Danish West Indies . Although published in Sweden , the language of the catalog is now English . Catalog content is developed by a committee of 20 leading philatelists . Beginning with the 2007 catalog , and following a trend among catalog publishers , images of the stamps are printed in color . Specific recent versions of the catalog include : FACIT 2007 Special ( 2007 ) - includes all countries , and a handbook section with informative articles FACIT Postal VII ( 2004 ) - postal history and postmarks of Sweden FACIT Sverige 2005 ( 2005 ) - nonspecialized catalog for Sweden only FACIT Special Classic ( 2018 ) - includes all countries with varieties and specialties up to 1951 . The catalogs are published by Facit Förlag AB , located in Västerås , Sweden .

Declan Bennett ( born 20 March 1981 ) is an English singer - songwriter and actor . During his musical career from 2001 to 2006 he appeared under the name Sumladfromcov , now performing under his own name . As a teenager he was a member of pop / rock band Point Break , and he has performed lead roles in shows in London 's West End , including the lead role , Guy , in the UK premier of Tony - winning Broadway musical Once at the Phoenix Theatre in London . In early 2014 , Bennett joined EastEnders as Charlie Cotton , the secret grandson of long - serving character Dot Branning ( June Brown ) He was axed in 2015 and departed on 24 September but returned on 5 May 2017 for one month . In October 2016 , Bennett took on the role as Jesus in Jesus Christ Superstar at the Open Air Theatre , Regent 's Park . He reprised the role for the 2017 season .

Johann Heinrich Rudolf Schenck ( 31 January 1860 – 25 June 1927 ) was a German botanist who was a native of Siegen . He was a brother to geographer Adolf Schenck ( 1857–1936 ) . Heinrich Schenck initially studied natural sciences at the University of Bonn ( 1879 – 80 ) , then continued his studies in Berlin under August Wilhelm Eichler ( 1839 – 1887 ) and Simon Schwendener ( 1829 – 1919 ) . Later he returned to Bonn as a student of Eduard Strasburger ( 1844 – 1912 ) , receiving his doctorate in 1884 . In 1889 he became a lecturer in Bonn , and in 1896 relocated to the Polytechnic Institute of Darmstadt , where he was appointed director of the botanical garden . Schenck undertook important research involving adaptation of water plants to their underwater environment . He also conducted studies on the ecology , morphology and histology of lianas . In 1886 - 87 he accompanied Andreas Franz Wilhelm Schimper ( 1856 – 1901 ) on a scientific expedition to Brazil , and in 1908 performed botanical investigations in Mexico . With George Karsten ( 1863 – 1937 ) , he was co - author of the botanical journal Vegetationsbilder . In addition , he published information on botanical collections taken from the German Antarctic Expedition of 1901 – 1903 .

The Capital City Trail is a shared use path for cyclists and pedestrians , which circles the Melbourne city centre and some inner eastern and northern suburbs of Melbourne , Victoria , Australia . It is 29 km in length , and mostly consists of sections of other trails , such as the Merri Creek Trail , Main Yarra Trail , Moonee Ponds Creek Trail and Inner Circle Rail Trail . A popular starting point for the trail is at Princes Bridge near Flinders Street Station . The rider can head off in an easterly or westerly direction . If heading off in the westerly , either side of the river can be used , but the south side tends to be more popular . The Capital City Trail uses the same path as the Main Yarra Trail up to Dights Falls , where it continues , using the same path as the Merri Creek Trail , as part of its loop around the city .

Sandy Hook is a barrier spit in Middletown Township , Monmouth County , New Jersey , United States . The barrier spit , approximately in length and varying from wide , is located at the north end of the Jersey Shore . It encloses the southern entrance of Lower New York Bay south of New York City , protecting it from the open waters of the Atlantic Ocean to the east . The Dutch called the area " Sant Hoek " , with the English " Hook " deriving from the Dutch " Hoek " ( corner , angle ) , meaning " spit of land " . Most of Sandy Hook is currently owned and managed by the National Park Service as the Sandy Hook Unit of Gateway National Recreation Area .

The Middle Fork John Day River is a tributary of the North Fork John Day River in the U.S. state of Oregon . It originates in the Blue Mountains of northeast Oregon in the Malheur National Forest near Austin and flows generally west to the North Fork about above Monument . The Middle Fork drainage basin covers about . The Oregon Scenic Waterways Program , administered by the Oregon Parks and Recreation Department ( OPRD ) protects the river for most of its length . The state lists a segment of the Middle Fork from about from the mouth to about from the mouth as a Scenic River Area and the lower as a Natural River Area . People planning to cut trees , mine , build roads or structures , or to make other substantial changes within of the river must first notify OPRD and seek its approval .

Thank You , Jeeves is a Jeeves comic novel by P.G. Wodehouse , first published in the United Kingdom on 16 March 1934 by Herbert Jenkins , London , and in the United States on 23 April 1934 by Little , Brown and Company , New York . The story had previously been serialised , in the Strand Magazine in the UK from August 1933 to February 1934 , and in the US in Cosmopolitan Magazine from January to June 1934 . Thank You , Jeeves is the first full - length novel in the series of stories following narrator Bertie Wooster and his valet Jeeves , though Jeeves leaves Bertie 's employment for most of this story . The novel largely takes place around Chuffnell Hall , the home of Bertie 's friend Lord " Chuffy " Chuffnell , who hopes to sell the house to the wealthy J. Washburn Stoker and is in love with Stoker 's daughter Pauline .

Mozilla Composer is the free and open - source HTML editor and web authoring module of the Mozilla Application Suite ( the predecessor to SeaMonkey ) . It is used to create and to edit web pages , e - mail , and text documents easily . It is compatible with Windows , macOS and Linux . Composer is a graphical WYSIWYG HTML editor . One also can view , write and edit HTML source code with Composer . Linspire sponsored development of Nvu , a stand - alone version of Mozilla Composer which incorporates Cascading Style Sheets support and other improvements from software company Disruptive Innovations . Daniel Glazman , the lead developer of Nvu , announced on September 15 , 2006 that he had stopped official development on Nvu and that he was developing a successor as a Mozilla.org project . It is written from scratch and based on Mozilla trunk Gecko 1.9 and XULRunner . PHP and CSS would be supported . A community - driven fork , KompoZer , maintains Nvu codebase and fixes bugs until a successor to Nvu is released . Glazman 's project is called BlueGriffon . SeaMonkey , the community - driven successor to Mozilla Suite , includes an HTML editor named Composer that is developed from the Mozilla Composer code contained in the original Mozilla Suite .

Udawalawe National Park lies on the boundary of Sabaragamuwa and Uva Provinces , in Sri Lanka . The national park was created to provide a sanctuary for wild animals displaced by the construction of the Udawalawe Reservoir on the Walawe River , as well as to protect the catchment of the reservoir . The reserve covers of land area and was established on 30 June 1972 . Before the designation of the national park , the area was used for shifting cultivation ( chena farming ) . The farmers were gradually removed once the national park was declared . The park is from Colombo . Udawalawe is an important habitat for water birds and Sri Lankan elephants . It is a popular tourist destination and the third most visited park in the country .

The Road to Ruin is a 1970 album released by husband and wife John and Beverley Martyn . It was the second ( and last ) album released as a duo . Island Records persuaded John Martyn to resume his solo career as they believed that the public was more interested in John as a solo artist rather than as part of a duo . The album marked the first collaboration on record between John and bassist Danny Thompson , who featured on many of Martyn 's subsequent recordings . The album 's first track " Primrose Hill " written and sung by Beverley Martyn , and featuring Ray Warleigh on saxophone , about the simple joys of domesticity , was extensively sampled by Fatboy Slim for the track " North West Three " from his 2004 album Palookaville .

This list includes awards and nominations of film and stage actor Robert De Niro . There is information about his awards and nominations for films and also for awards for his stage work . There is a list of special awards received such as the Lifetime Achievement Award or Man of the Year . A seven - time Academy Award nominee , De Niro won two Oscars for playing Vito Corleone in The Godfather Part II ( 1974 ) and Jake LaMotta in Raging Bull ( 1980 ) . For his first win , De Niro was not present and director Francis Ford Coppola accepted the award on his behalf . He is also a six - time BAFTA Award nominee , and an eight - time Golden Globe Award nominee . In 2009 , he was among the five recipients of the Kennedy Center Honors , presented by 44th President of the United States Barack Obama .

The Life and Times of David Lloyd George is a BBC Wales drama serial broadcast in 1981 on the BBC1 network and which stars Philip Madoc , Lisabeth Miles , Kika Markham and David Markham . It featured music by Ennio Morricone , including the theme music ( " Chi Mai " ) , which was a surprise hit in the UK charts , reaching number 2 . The opening titles showed an elderly David Lloyd George walking through the Welsh countryside near Criccieth remembering his Uncle Lloyd baptising the young David George ( later Lloyd George ) in a mountain stream . The series is in 9 hourly parts covering most of the major events of Lloyd George 's life from his birth in Manchester in January 1863 until his death in 1945 in Llanystumdwy . The major events of Lloyd George 's life are covered in the production including his personal life , specifically the running of two families . The duration of Lloyd George 's political career , of over 54 years , combined with the length of the series means that certain periods of history have been skirted over . This is particularly the case with the various Liberal Party splits from 1918 onwards . The historical consultant for the series was the historian A. J. P. Taylor .

Pavel Stepanovich Prokkonen (; 16 July 1909 – 18 July 1979 ) , born Prokofiev ( ) , was a Karelian Soviet politician . He was appointed as the Chairman of the Council of the People 's Commissars of the Karelo - Finnish Soviet Socialist Republic ( 1940 – 1947 ) and Chairman of the Council of Ministers of the Karelo - Finnish Soviet Socialist Republic ( 1950 – 1956 ) ( " prime minister " of the Republic ) . Prokkonen was also the Minister of Karelian Affairs for the Finnish Democratic Republic during the Winter War in 1940 ( under the name Paavo Prokkonen ) After the Karelo - Finnish SSR was incorporated into the Russian SFSR as the Karelian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic in 1956 , Prokkonen was the Chairman of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet of the Karelian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic ( 1956 – 1979 ) . Pavel Prokkonen was awarded the Order of Lenin twice , the Order of the Patriotic War second class once , the Order of the Red Banner of Labour twice , and the Order of the Badge of Honor twice .

The Secretary - General of the Nordic Council is the head of the Nordic Council Secretariat , one of the principal organs of the Nordic Council . The Nordic parliamentary co - operation , the Nordic Council , is led by the Secretary General in Copenhagen . The Secretary General together with the Council Secretariat prepares the business procedures which are then processed by the Nordic Council . Preparations are made in consultation and collaboration with the Secretariat for the Nordic Council 's national delegations and the party groups . The Secretary General submits reports to the Nordic Council 's executive body , the Presidium , which is led by the President of the Nordic Council . The agenda for the Presidium 's meetings is drawn up together with the Nordic Council 's President . The current Secretary - General is Britt Bohlin Olsson of Sweden , who took office on 1 January 2014 .

Morris Sheppard Arnold ( born October 8 , 1941 ) , sometimes known as Buzz Arnold , is a judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit . A Republican , he was appointed to the appeals court by U.S. President George Herbert Walker Bush . His tenure began on June 1 , 1992 . For his first twelve years , until 2004 , he served on the court alongside his older brother , Richard S. Arnold , a Democrat appointed by President Jimmy Carter . Richard Arnold died of an infection while he was afflicted with long - term lymphoma . Because of new federal nepotism rules , two brothers are unlikely to serve again simultaneously on the same federal court in the future . He served as judge on the United States Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court of Review from 2008 to 2013 .

Lappkärret is a small lake in Norra Djurgården in north - eastern Stockholm , Sweden , near Stockholm University . It is one of six lakes in Djurgården , the others being : Lillsjön , Uggleviken , Isbladskärret , Laduviken , and Spegeldammen . Through its location in the Royal National City Park , it is considered as a lake of great recreational value , especially popular among ornithologists and frequently used in classes at the University of Stockholm located nearby . As the name implies , it used to be a marsh until construction works for the student apartments at Lappkärrsberget punctured a subsoil spring in the 1960s . Today , the lake empties into the strait Lilla Värtan through a culvert and forms part of a proposed nature reserve in Norra Djurgården .

Christiane Mercelis ( born 5 October 1931 ) is a Belgian former tennis player active in the 1950s and 1960s . In 1949 , Mercelis won the Girls ' Singles of the Wimbledon Championships . She competed every year at Wimbledon between 1951 and 1968 , and at the French Open between 1952 and 1965 . In the French Open , she reached the quarter - finals in 1957 . Mercelis played for Belgium in the Federation Cup from 1963 to 1964 and from 1966 to 1969 , losing all five singles matches , and winning two of her eight doubles matches . She is the oldest player to have played for Belgium at 37 years 231 days in her last doubles match against South Africa on 24 May 1969 , which she won partnering Michele Kahn . In the Belgian Tennis Championships . she won 13 singles titles , 14 women 's doubles titles , and 16 mixed doubles titles , of which 13 were partnering Jacky Brichant .

Dorothy Ray Healey ( September 22 , 1914 – August 6 , 2006 ) was a long - time activist in the Communist Party USA , from the late 1920s to the 1970s . In the 1930s , she was one of the first union leaders to advocate for the rights of Chicanos and blacks as factory and field workers . During the decades of the 1950s and 1960s , Healey was one of the leading public figures of the Communist Party in the state of California . An opponent of the Soviet invasion of Czechoslovakia in 1968 and at odds with the orthodox pro - Soviet leadership of Gus Hall , Healey subsequently left the Communist Party to join the New American Movement , which merged to become part of the Democratic Socialists of America in 1982 .

Marcin Mielczewski ( c. 1600 – September 1651 ) was , together with his tutor Franciszek Lilius and Bartłomiej Pękiel , among the most notable Polish composers in the 17th century . By 1632 he was a composer and musician in the royal chapel in Warsaw . In 1645 he became director of music to Charles Ferdinand Vasa , the brother of King Władysław IV . Mielczewski died in Warsaw in September 1651 . His known works are largely in the concertato style , and Szweykowski suggests that the way " in which the words are given full expression " means he is likely to have composed secular vocal works in addition to the surviving sacred corpus . In his mass O glorioso domina and one of his instrumental canzonas , Mielczewski quotes popular Polish tunes ; the latter is notable for being the earliest documented use of the mazurka in classical music .

Birgitte Einarsen is a Norwegian singer and musical theatre artist from Helgeroa in Larvik , Vestfold county . She was born in 1975 . Birgitte has performed in popular musicals like Grease , Fame and The Little Shop of Horrors . She has also done the show My First , My Last , My Everything . She became famous both in Norway and abroad in 2003 , following her performance in that year 's Melodi Grand Prix , which is used to select the Norwegian entry for the Eurovision Song Contest . Her entry was the uptempo disco song Good Evening , Europe ! , which is the phrase used every year when the ESC hosts address millions of viewers across Europe . As the title , almost all the lyrics were a reference to the Song Contest , usually direct quotes from past Eurovision entries , or else from other songs sung by former Eurovision participants . The song was written by Arve Furset , who also composed the winning song by Jostein Hasselgård . In 2006 , Birgitte sang again , in Melodi Grand Prix 2006 , performing another disco tune , Saturday . Her entry did not win direct entrance to the national final , but going through the Second Chance round , it did ultimately qualify . Singing in the grand final , she failed to make the top four .

" Poison Arrow " is a song by English new wave band ABC , released as the second single from their debut studio album , The Lexicon of Love ( 1982 ) . The single was released in the United Kingdom on 5 February 1982 on 7 " and 12 " , with the same mix appearing on both formats ; however a subsequent U.S. 12 " remix ( also known as the " Jazz Remix " ) appears on several ABC compilations , and as a bonus track on reissues of The Lexicon of Love . An alternate , lounge music styled version of this song , entitled " Theme from Mantrap " , was released as the B - side of " Poison Arrow " in the United Kingdom , and " The Look of Love " in the United States . The 12 " single in the United Kingdom additionally included an instrumental version of " Theme from Mantrap " under the title " Mantrap ( The Lounge Sequence ) " . The band 's first hit in the United Kingdom " Tears Are Not Enough " was the B - side of " Poison Arrow " in the United States .

Littleberry C. Mosby Jr. ( January 28 , 1757 – October 26 , 1821 ) was an American military officer . During the American Revolutionary War , he served in the Continental Army as a captain in the 2nd Georgia Regiment , and was captured at the Siege of Savannah in 1778 . After his release , he served as a major commanding a cavalry battalion in the Virginia militia . During the War of 1812 , he was a brigadier general in the Virginia militia . The son of Colonel Littleberry Mosby Sr . , he lived his entire life at Mosby Tavern in Cumberland County , Virginia / Powhatan County , Virginia , Powhatan County having been created from the eastern portion of Cumberland County in May 1777 .

Chuck Mitchell ( November 28 , 1927   – June 22 , 1992 ) was an American actor , known for his role as " Porky " in the raunchy 1982 cult classic movie Porky 's . Mitchell reprised his role in the 1985 sequel Porky 's Revenge!. He declined to appear in as he would have had to appear completely naked in the final scene . Mitchell is also remembered as Rocko , the mean owner of the restaurant called " Pig Burgers " in the 1985 hit comedy Better Off Dead . He starred in the TV soap opera General Hospital as Big Ralph , and in the 1981 TV series Bret Maverick , as well as the 1983 miniseries The Winds of War . Mitchell made guest appearances on the TV shows The Fall Guy and Remington Steele . In some of his films , he is credited as Chuck " Porky " Mitchell . In 1992 , Mitchell died aged 64 in Hollywood , California from cirrhosis of the liver .

The Balinese Room was a famous nightclub in Galveston , Texas , United States built on a pier stretching 600 feet ( 183   m ) from the Galveston Seawall over the waters of the Gulf of Mexico . For decades a dance hall and illegal casino , the Balinese Room was remodeled and reopened in 2001 without the gambling . Operated by Sicilian immigrant barbers - turned - bootleggers Sam and Rosario Maceo , the Balinese Room was an elite spot in the 1940s and 1950s ( Galveston 's open era ) , featuring entertainment by Frank Sinatra , Bob Hope , George Burns , The Marx Brothers and other top acts of the day . Patrons of the private club included Howard Hughes , Sophie Tucker and wealthy oil barons from nearby Houston . In 1997 , it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places . During the early morning hours of September 13 , 2008 , the structure was completely destroyed by Hurricane Ike . The Balinese is featured in pop culture ; Rock group ZZ Top wrote and performed a song about the club called , " Balinese . "

Amrut Rao ( c. 1770 - 1824 ) was a Maratha noble , and the adopted son of Peshwa Raghunath Rao . In 1803 , Yashwant Rao Holkar invaded Pune and deposed his adoptive brother Peshwa Baji Rao II . Subsequently , Holkar set up an ad - hoc council nominally headed by Amrut Rao , and ran the Peshwa 's government in his name . Holkar also installed Amrut Rao 's son Vinayak Rao as the Peshwa to strengthen the legal status of his government , because Vinayak had been adopted by the widow of the deceased Peshwa Madhav Rao II . However , Baji Rao sought assistance from the British East India Company , whose advance forced Amrut Rao and his son to flee Pune . Subsequently , Amrut Rao signed a treaty with the British , agreeing to give up all claims over the Peshwa 's office in return for a pension and an estate in Bundelkhand .

Mangesh Hattikudur is the co - founder of the American humor magazine mental floss , which he started with Will Pearson when both were students at Duke University . Hattikudur graduated from Duke in 2001 , with a Bachelor of Arts degree . The Huffington Post in 2010 wrote that Hattikudur and Pearson have created a knowledge empire complete with board games , T - shirts , and a website called mentalfloss.com which has monthly visitors tallying into the millions . They have collaborated on books such as The Mental Floss History of the United States along with writer Erik Sass . Beginning in June 2017 , Will and Mangesh have been producing the podcast Part Time Genius , a variety style knowledge show , created in partner with HowStuffWorks .

Rice People ( ) is a 1994 Cambodian drama film directed and co - written by Rithy Panh . Adapted from the 1966 novel ( No Harvest But a Thorn ) , by Malaysian author Shahnon Ahmad , which is set in the Malaysian state of Kedah , Rice People is the story of a rural family in post - Khmer Rouge Cambodia , struggling to bring in a single season 's rice crop . It was filmed in the Cambodian village of Kamreang , in the Kien Svay and Boeung Thom areas of Kandal Province near Phnom Penh , on the banks of the Mekong River . The cast features both professional and non - professional actors . The film premiered in the main competition at the 1994 Cannes Film Festival and was submitted to the 67th Academy Awards , the first time a Cambodian film had been submitted as a possible nominee for Best Foreign Language Film .

Winfield is an incorporated village located in Milton and Winfield Townships , DuPage County , Illinois , United States . The population was 8,718 at the 2000 census and as of 2016 the population was 9,492 . Winfield is home to Central DuPage Hospital , one of the largest hospitals in the Chicago suburbs . Winfield has a Metra station on the Union Pacific / West Line , which provides regular commuter rail service to Chicago . Attractions adjacent to Winfield include the Forest Preserve District of DuPage County 's Kline Creek Farm , a living history farm located on the west side of County Farm Road between Geneva and St. Charles Roads ; and Cantigny , which includes public gardens , museums , golf courses , picnic grounds and hiking trails . Cantigny is located on the east side of Winfield Road , just south of Illinois Route 38 , also known as Roosevelt Road . Winfield also enjoys parks and recreational services provided by the Winfield Park District . The Forest Preserve District of DuPage County also owns and operates several other open space areas surrounding Winfield . Winfield is considered to be one of the top ten safest towns in Illinois .

A Resident Certificate ( ) is the identification card issued to residents of the Republic of China ( Taiwan and associated islands ) who do not hold a National Identification Card , namely foreigners and ROC nationals who do not have household registration in the Taiwan Area . The Alien Resident Certificate ( ) , or ARC , is given to foreign residents in Taiwan , while the nearly identical Taiwan Area Resident Certificate ( ) , or TARC , is given to nationals of the Republic of China resident in Taiwan without National Identification Cards , namely overseas Chinese , recently naturalized nationals . Residents from Mainland China , Hong Kong , and Macau ( i.e. nationals of the People 's Republic of China ) are given separate resident certificates .

Joseph Charlier ( 20 June 1816 – 6 December 1896 ) was a Belgian self - described jurist , writer , accountant , and merchant . He was one of the earliest proponents of a citizen 's income or guaranteed minimum income , preceding even the " state bonus " scheme published by British Dennis Milner ( 1892–1956 ) in 1920 . Charlier was influenced by Charles Fourier . According to John Stuart Mill , Fourierism required that " in the distribution , a certain minimum is first assigned for the subsistence of every member of the community , whether capable or not of labour . " Fourier and his foremost disciple Victor Prosper Considérant criticized civilization for failing to provide a minimum to the poor , but feared widespread idleness and a collapsing civilization if workers previously depending on " repugnant " labor for income had a choice . Considérant , in some of his writings , suggested that society guarantee a right to work in order to compensate them for denying equal access to natural resources . ( " La condition sine quâ non - pour la Légitimité de la Propriété est donc que la Société reconnaisse au Prolétaire le droit au travail et qu’elle lui assure au moins autant de moyens de subsistance , pour un exercice d’activité donné , que cet exercice eût pu lui en procurer dans l’État primitif . " ) Charlier agreed with Fourierism that the central problem was the improvement of the condition of the disinherited classes ( " amélioration du sort des classes déshéritées " ) . He rejected " the right to assistance " , a solution addressing effects rather than the cause , and the " right to work / organization of labor " which he expected to result in an extension of state control . Instead , Charlier proposed a scheme with a basic income paid unconditionally to every member of society , regardless of need or ability to work . In 1896 at age 80 , Charlier died at Brussels where he was born .

The Tudor Barn is a large brick barn in Eltham in the Royal Borough of Greenwich . It was built in 1525 by William Roper . The Ropers lived next door in a manor house in the centre of a moat for several years . William married Margaret More , the daughter of Thomas More , and one of the most learned women of sixteenth - century England . It is a Grade II * listed building ( as Well Hall Art Gallery ) . The west end of the Tudor Barn was mostly occupied by servants , as can be seen by the two huge chimneys there . However , the barn was also used for storage . It can be seen on old maps that the moat was directly connected to the Tudor Barn by a bridge . Edith Nesbit , author of The Railway Children and co - ounder of the Fabian Society , lived in a house in the grounds of the Tudor Barn from 1899 to 1921 . The Tudor Barn was refurbished in the 1930s . The Woolwich Borough Council then decided that they would use the newly renovated barn as the centrepiece of a new park , which is known as Well Hall Pleasaunce . The park opened in 1933 , and three years later an art gallery was opened on the ground floor of the barn . This was not the council 's original intention , however ; they wanted a library and museum in the Tudor Barn , but these never materialised . For years after the Second World War , the barn contained the art gallery , a restaurant and a room for weddings and events in the upstairs space .

Carl Linnaeus the Younger , Carl von Linné or Carolus Linnaeus the Younger ( 20 January 1741 – 1 November 1783 ) was a Swedish naturalist . He is known as Linnaeus filius ( Latin for Linnaeus the son ; abbreviated to L.f . as a botanical authority ) to distinguish him from his famous father , the systematist Carl Linnaeus . He was enrolled at the University of Uppsala at the age of nine and was taught science by his father 's students , including Pehr Löfling , Daniel Solander and Johan Peter Falk . In 1763 , aged just 22 , he succeeded his father as the head of Practical Medicine at Uppsala . His promotion to professor — without taking exams or defending a thesis — caused resentment among his colleagues . Linnaeus ' work was modest in comparison to that of his father . His best - known work is the Supplementum Plantarum systematis vegetabilium of 1781 , which contains botanical descriptions by the elder Linnaeus and his colleagues , edited and with additions by the son . He inherited his father 's extensive scientific collections and correspondence and worked to preserve them . When he died childless on 1 November 1783 his mother sold the collections to the English botanist Sir James Edward Smith , whose widow sold them to the Linnean Society of London .

Nancy Nigrosh is the former head of The Gersh Agency Literary Department and team member of both the Literary and Talent Departments at Innovative Artists . Her clients included Chris Eyre , Academy Award - winner Kathryn Bigelow , Amanda Brown , Stuart Beattie , Leslye Headland and Barry Morrow . During her time at NYU ’s Tisch School of the Arts , her mentor Terry Southern offered to co - write a script that she had pitched in class and subsequently after their collaboration , encouraged her to apply to UCLA 's School of Theater Film & Television Department where she was accepted into the Masters Screenwriting Program . She first worked as a script supervisor for Martin Scorsese 's Mean Streets . Due to her ability to complexly discern levels of writing skills , this led her to work as a freelance reader for a number of production companies , which then launched her career as a literary agent in Hollywood . Currently , she works as a writers ' career consultant , often focusing on professional direction for aspiring women writers . She also teaches at UCLA Extension Writers ' Program and frequently contributes to Indiewire 's " Thompson on Hollywood " blog .

Kina Konova ( ) ( Sevlievo , September 1872- Sofia , 2 May 1952 ) , born Kina Moutafova , was a Bulgarian educator , translator , publicist , suffragist and women 's rights activist . She was co - founder and leader of the first local women 's socialist organization in Bulgaria , the Society of Friends . Women 's Branch ( 1889 ) , founder of the local women 's society Nadejda ( 1897 ) . Active as a teacher , she was early on active in the debate of women 's education and status of female teachers . In 1901 , she was a co - founder of the Bulgarian Women 's Union alongside Vela Blagoeva , Ekaterina Karavelova , Anna Karima and Julia Malinova . The organization was an umbrella organization of the 27 local women 's organisations that had been established in Bulgaria since 1878 . It was founded as a reply to the limitations of women 's education and access to university studies in the 1890s , with the goal to further women 's intellectual development and participation , arranged national congresses and used Zhenski glas as its organ .

The bombing of Stuttgart in World War II was a series of 53 air raids that formed part of the strategic air offensive of the Allies against Germany . The first bombing ( by 20 aircraft of the Royal Air Force ) occurred on August 25 , 1940 , and resulted in the destruction of 17 buildings . The city was repeatedly attacked over the next four and one - half years by both the RAF and the 8th Air Force as it had a significant industrial infrastructure ( including the Daimler and Porsche automotive factories ) and several military bases , and was also a center of rail transportation in southwestern Germany . Stuttgart endured 18 large - scale attacks by the Royal Air Force ( RAF ) during the war ( the first and last of which were on 5 March 1942 and 13 February 1945 respectively ) , during which of bombs were dropped on the city , but the RAF concluded that its attacks against Stuttgart were not as effective as they could have been despite the damage wrought , saying :

Mawei (; Foochow Romanized : Mā - muōi ) is a district of Fuzhou , Fujian province , People 's Republic of China . Mawei District is located on the left ( northern ) shore of the Min River , between Fuzhou 's urban core and the coast of the East China Sea . The district also includes Langqi Island formed by the two main branches of the Min River as it flows into the sea . Mawei District is famous for its historical Mawei Navy Yard , with a modern shipyard operating on the site . The Min River separates Mawei District from Changle City on the river 's southern bank . Qingzhou Bridge spans the river , connecting Mawei 's main urban center ( the Mawei Town / Luoxing Subdistrict area ) with Changle .

Anna " Ans " Dresden - Polak ( née Anna Polak ) ( 24 November 1906 – 23 July 1943 ) was a Jewish Dutch gymnast . She won the gold medal as a member of the Dutch gymnastics team at the 1928 Summer Olympics , in her native Amsterdam . She was one of five Jewish members of the team , which included Stella Blits - Agsteribbe ( who was killed in Auschwitz ) , Lea Kloot - Nordheim ( who was killed in Sobibor ) , and Judikje Themans - Simons ( who was killed in Sobibor ) . Their coach , Gerrit Kleerekoper , was killed in Sobibor as well . She was born in Amsterdam , and died in Sobibor extermination camp . From Westerbork concentration camp , she had been deported to Sobibór , where she was murdered on 23 July 1943 , together with her six - year - old daughter Eva . Her husband , Barend Dresden was killed a few months later in 1944 in Auschwitz concentration camp . She was inducted into the International Jewish Sports Hall of Fame .

Storm tides of the North Sea are coastal floods associated with low pressure weather systems in the North Sea , the severity of which are affected by the shallowness of the sea and the orientation of the shoreline relative to the storm 's path , as well as the timing of tides . The water level can rise to more than 5   metres ( 17   ft ) above the normal tide as a result of storm tides . Northern Germany and Denmark are particularly susceptible to storm tides . The coastline of the German Bight forms an L - shape facing northwest . Also vulnerable are the United Kingdom and the Netherlands , where the sea shallows and is funnelled toward the English Channel . Storm tides are a regular occurrence in the North Sea basin ; several form each year . Although most do not cause significant damage , the impact of some has been devastating . During one , the February flood of 1825 , the Danish coastline changed , as the North Jutlandic Island became separated from the Jutland Peninsula .

John Douglas Story ( 7 August 1869 in Edinburgh , Scotland – 2 February 1966 in Brisbane , Australia ) . Also known as J. D. Story , he migrated to Brisbane , Queensland , Australia , with his parents , as a child , and attended Brisbane Grammar School and Brisbane Technical College . Story was a prominent Queensland public servant who entered the Queensland Public Service and was Under - Secretary for the Department of Education between 1906 and 1920 . He was the Public Service Commissioner from 1920 to 1939 and served on the Public Service Superannuation Board from 1913 until 1942 . He was a long - time member of the Stanley River Works Board which was instrumental in the construction of Somerset Dam . Story worked for the establishment of the University of Queensland and was a government representative on the University senate . The J. D. Story Administration Building at the University of Queensland and Brisbane 's Story Bridge were named in his honour . In February 2009 his grandson , John Story , became the 13th Chancellor of the University of Queensland .

James Manuel Costa , ComM ( born April 13 , 1952 ) is the U.S. Representative for , serving as a Democrat in Congress since his initial election in 2004 . He previously served in the California State Assembly from 1978 until 1994 , and in the State Senate from 1994 until 2002 . At the time of his election to the California State Legislature , he was the youngest member of the legislature at the age of 26 . During his time in the California State Assembly , he served as the Majority Caucus Chair . California 's 16th congressional district takes in large and predominantly Latino portions of Fresno . Costa is chair of the Blue Dog Coalition and ranking member of the United States House Agriculture Subcommittee on Rural Development , Research , Biotechnology , and Foreign Agriculture .

The Buchan Caves are a group of limestone caves that include the Royal Cave and the Fairy Cave , located south - west of , in the East Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria . They have a total length of between , and six entrances . The Buchan Cave Reserve has been transferred back to the Gunaikurnai Nation and is jointly managed with the state . The limestone rock at Buchan was laid down during the Devonian period about 300   – 400 million years ago . At the time , the sea covered this area of East Gippsland which was alive with shellfish and coral . Their remains were deposited in layers and over the years compacted to form limestone . The caves were formed by solution of the limestone . The Buchan Caves are located approximately east northeast ( or five hours ' drive ) from Melbourne , along the Princes Highway , north of Lakes Entrance .

The Folsom Complex is a name given by archaeologists to a specific Paleo - Indian archaeological culture that occupied much of central North America . The term was first used in 1927 by Jesse Dade Figgins , director of the Colorado Museum of Natural History . Numerous Paleoindian cultures occupied North America , with some restricted to the Great Plains and Great Lakes of the modern United States of America and Canada as well as adjacent areas to the west and south west . The Folsom Tradition was characterised by use of Folsom points as projectile tips and activities known from kill sites where slaughter and butchering of bison took place and Folsom tools were left behind . Some kill sites exhibit evidence of up to 50 bison being killed , although the Folsom diet apparently included mountain sheep , marmots , deer and cottontail rabbit as well . A Folsom site at Hanson , Wyoming , also revealed areas of hardstanding , which indicate possible dwellings . The type site is Folsom Site , near Folsom , New Mexico , in Colfax County ( 29CX1 ) , a marsh - side kill site found in about 1908 by George McJunkin , a cowboy and former slave who had lived in Texas as a child . Archaeologists excavated the site in 1926 . The Folsom Complex dates to between 9000 BC and 8000 BC and is thought to have derived from the earlier Clovis culture . The Lindenmeier Site in Colorado is a campsite that was used throughout a longer period , spanning this era .

The GOST block cipher ( Magma ) , defined in the standard GOST 28147 - 89 ( RFC 5830 ) , is a Soviet and Russian government standard symmetric key block cipher with a block size of 64 bits . The original standard , published in 1989 , did not give the cipher any name , but the most recent revision of the standard , GOST R 34.12 - 2015 , specifies that it may be referred to as Magma . The GOST hash function is based on this cipher . The new standard also specifies a new 128-bit block cipher called Kuznyechik . Developed in the 1970s , the standard had been marked " Top Secret " and then downgraded to " Secret " in 1990 . Shortly after the dissolution of the USSR , it was declassified and it was released to the public in 1994 . GOST 28147 was a Soviet alternative to the United States standard algorithm , DES Thus , the two are very similar in structure .

The Royal School is a public mixed Grammar school located in Dungannon , County Tyrone , Northern Ireland . It was one of a number of ' free schools ' created by James I in 1608 to provide an education to the sons of local merchants and farmers during the plantation of Ulster . Originally set up in Mountjoy near Lough Neagh in 1614 , it moved to its present location in 1636 . It was founded as a boys school but became coed in 1986 when the school amalgamated with the Dungannon High School for Girls . It has four ' sister ' schools , The Royal School , Armagh in Armagh , County Armagh , The Portora Royal School in Enniskillen , County Fermanagh , The Cavan Royal School in County Cavan , and The Royal and Prior School in Raphoe , County Donegal . The original intention had been to have a " Royal School " in each of Ireland 's counties ( James I Order in Council read , " that there shall be one Free School at least appointed in every County , for the education of youth in learning and religion . " ) but only five were actually established , the schools planned for other counties never coming into being .

Sheila Cecelia Escovedo ( born December 12 , 1957 ) better known under the stage name Sheila E. , is an American percussionist , singer , author , and actress . She began her career in the mid 1970s as a percussionist and singer for The George Duke Band . After leaving the group in 1983 , Sheila began a successful solo career , starting with her critically acclaimed debut album , which included the career - defining song , " The Glamorous Life " . She became a mainstream solo star in 1985 following the success of the singles , " The Belle of St. Mark " , " Sister Fate " , and " A Love Bizarre " with the last becoming one of her signature songs . She is commonly referred to as The Queen of Percussion .

The Prince Charles Mountains are a major group of mountains in Mac . Robertson Land in Antarctica , including the Athos Range , the Porthos Range , and the Aramis Range . The highest peak is Mount Menzies ( 3228 m ) . Other prominent peaks are Mount Izabelle and Mount Stinear ( 1950 m ) . These mountains together with other scattered peaks form an arc about 260 miles long , extending from the vicinity of Mount Starlight in the north to Goodspeed Nunataks in the south . These mountains were first observed and photographed from a distance by airmen of USN Operation Highjump , 1946 - 47 . They were examined by several ANARE ( Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions ) parties and mapped in the years 1954 - 61 . They have been found to contain large deposits of iron ore . They were named by ANCA in 1956 for Prince Charles , the eldest son and heir apparent of Queen Elizabeth II .

Pope Benedict XIV (; 31 March 1675   – 3 May 1758 ) , born Prospero Lorenzo Lambertini , served as the Pope of the Catholic Church from 17 August 1740 to his death in 1758 . Perhaps one of the greatest scholars in Christendom , yet often overlooked , he promoted scientific learning , the baroque arts , reinvigoration of Thomism , and the study of the human form . Firmly established with great devotion and adherence to the Council of Trent and authentic Catholic teaching , Benedict removed changes previously made to the Breviary , sought peacefully to reverse growing secularism in certain European courts , invigorated ceremonies with great pomp , and throughout his life and his reign , published numerous theological treatises . In terms of the governance of the Papal States , he reduced taxation and also encouraged agriculture . He also supported free trade . A scholar , he laid the groundwork for the present Vatican Museum . Benedict XIV , to an extent can be considered a polymath due to his numerous studies of ancient literature , the publishing of ecclesiastical books and documents , the study of the human body , and his great devotion to art and theology . Horace Walpole described him as " a priest without insolence or interest , a prince without favorites , a pope without nephews . "

Gambir is a subdistrict of Central Jakarta , Indonesia . It is characterized by many historic buildings from the colonial era . Gambir Subdistrict is the location of many political and administrative center of Jakarta and Indonesia . The Merdeka Palace ( the presidential palace of Indonesia ) , the National Museum and the Merdeka Square ( the location of the National Monument ) are located in Gambir . Gambir is bounded by the Flood Canal ( ) to the west , the river Ciliwung to the east , KH Zainul Arifin and Sukarjo Wiryopranoto Road to the north , and Kebon Sirih Raya Road to the south . The City Hall of Central Jakarta is located in Petojo Selatan , Gambir District . One of the busiest railway station of Jakarta , Gambir Station , is located in Gambir , Gambir District .

Kaaterskill High Peak ( officially just High Peak ) is one of the Catskill Mountains , located in the Town of Hunter in Greene County , New York , United States . It was once believed to be the highest peak in the entire range , but its summit , at 3,655 feet ( 1,114 m ) in elevation , places it only 23rd among the Catskill High Peaks . It is , however , the fourth most prominent peak in the range . Due to its situation as the easternmost High Peak , it is also the only one completely outside the watersheds of New York City 's reservoirs in the region . Along with Round Top to the west , its distinctive ridgeline is a visual signature of the Catskills . Even today , it dominates the view of the range from the Hudson Valley . In the early 19th century , it was a frequent subject of works by Thomas Cole and other artists of the Hudson River school . Their works helped establish the Catskill Mountain House and other hotels around North - South Lake as the fashionable summer vacation spot for wealthy Americans of the era . Despite that popularity , the mountain was admired from afar more often than it was climbed . Although it boasts the earliest recorded ascent of any Catskill peak , today it seems somewhat neglected , lacking an official trail to its summit . However , a well - used path does exist , and perhaps because of the light use the mountain gets it is very popular with the area 's serious hikers , due to the views available from Hurricane Ledge south of the summit , and several other points of interest in the vicinity of the mountain .

The domain name mil is the sponsored top - level domain ( sTLD ) in the Domain Name System of the Internet for the United States Department of Defense and its subsidiary or affiliated organizations . The name is derived from military . It was one of the first top - level domains , created in January 1985 . The United States is the only country that has a top - level domain for its military , a legacy of the United States ' military role in the creation of the Internet . Other countries often use second - level domains for this purpose , e.g. , mod.uk for the United Kingdom 's Ministry of Defence . Canada uses norad.mil with the United States as they jointly operate the North American Aerospace Defense Command . Despite having a dedicated top - level domain , the US military also uses com domains for some of its recruitment sites , such as goarmy.com , as well as for the Defense Commissary Agency 's website www.commissaries.com and most non - appropriated fund instrumentalities such as military MWR organizations and military exchanges . Also , the military uses edu domains for its service academies : the United States Military Academy , United States Coast Guard Academy , United States Naval Academy , and the United States Air Force Academy can all be reached using either an edu or a mil domain name . The official athletic program sites of the three academies that are members of NCAA Division I ( Army , Navy , Air Force ) use com domains , as well as Coast Guard , which is a member of NCAA Division III . The Department of Defense itself uses gov for its home page , with at least three second - level domains within mil ( defense , dod , and pentagon ) redirecting to its domain name www.defense.gov . The United States Coast Guard , like other military services , uses the mil domain , although during statutory peacetime the service falls under the United States Department of Homeland Security .

Marissa Nadler ( born April 5 , 1981 ) is an American musician and fine artist based in Boston , Massachusetts . Active since 2000 , she is currently signed to Sacred Bones Records and Bella Union , and released her seventh full - length studio album , Strangers , in May 2016 . As a singer - songwriter , her music defies simple classification . Her work " is rooted in old - school country and folk but brings in elements of experimental and black metal " . Sometimes the term " dream folk " has been invoked to describe her work . Singing in a mezzo - soprano , Nadler has received acclaim for her vocals . Her voice was described by Pitchfork as one " you would follow straight into Hades " , and also " textured and angelic , with just a hint of pain captured within her iridescent falsetto " . The Boston Globe said , " She has a voice that , in mythological times , could have lured men to their deaths at sea , an intoxicating soprano drenched in gauzy reverb that hits bell - clear heights , lingers , and tapers off like rings of smoke " .

Alexios Komnenos Strategopoulos ( ) was a Byzantine general during the reign of Michael VIII Palaiologos , rising to the rank of megas domestikos and Caesar . Of noble descent , he appears in the sources already at an advanced age in the early 1250s , leading armies for the Empire of Nicaea against Epirus . After falling out of favour and being imprisoned by Theodore II Laskaris , Strategopoulos sided with the aristocrats around Michael Palaiologos , and supported him in his rise to the throne after Theodore II 's death in 1258 . He participated in the Pelagonia campaign in 1259 , going on to capture Epirus , but his successes were undone in the next year and he was captured by the Epirotes . Released after a few months , he led the unexpected reconquest of Constantinople from the Latin Empire in July 1261 , restoring the Byzantine Empire . He was captured again by the Epirotes in the next year and spent several years in captivity in Italy , before being released . He retired from public affairs and died in the early 1270s .

William Ruben Rowley , ( February 8 , 1824 – February 9 , 1886 ) was a Lieutenant Colonel , and Military Secretary on the staff of General Ulysses S. Grant during the American Civil War , later being breveted a Brigadier General . After moving from New York to Galena , Illinois , he taught in the local school , while also becoming involved in local politics . While living in Galena , Rowley was a neighbor and good friends with Ulysses Grant and John Rawlins before and at the time the Civil War broke out . Under General Grant he fought in the Battle of Shiloh and the Battle of Vicksburg . He was one of nine Civil War generals that came from Galena . After serving in the Union Army he returned to Galena and service in political life . Rowley was among several officers who wrote letters for and rigorously defended Grant against claims that Grant was drinking at the Battle of Shiloh . On other occasions during his military and political career Rowley stood by Grant during times of controversy .

The Big Drift is in Glacier National Park , in the U.S. state of Montana and is an area along the Going - to - the - Sun Road where a large amount of winter snow can accumulate to depths of . Located immediately east of Logan Pass , the westerly winds push snow over the crest of the Continental Divide onto the eastern flank of a long arête which extends south from Pollock Mountain . West of the divide , this arête is known as the Garden Wall . As spring approaches , the region is surveyed by helicopter in preparation for snow removal that will be needed in order to reopen the Going - to - the - Sun Road for the summer season . By early April , snow removal crews working from either end of the roadway have begun to ascend the steeper east and west slopes of the Lewis Range . The area of the Big Drift is usually reached by late May , and it often can take a month to clear this one stretch of road that is slightly more than in length . Survey crews identify avalanche hazards and help to locate the road using global positioning equipment . Large cornices are usually removed using explosives , then excavators and front - end loaders move the snow over the cliffsides or into dump trucks . The entire Going - to - the - Sun Road takes about ten weeks to plow , even with equipment that can move 4,000 short tons of snow an hour . By the first of June of each year , the Logan Pass visitor center can usually be reached by vehicle from at least one side of the Continental Divide . In 2011 , due to abnormally heavy late winter and early spring snowfall , the Going - to - the - Sun Road did not open until July 13th , the latest opening ever due to snow .

Jerzy Kłoczowski ( 29 December 1924 , Bogdany , Poland – 2 December 2017 ) was a Polish historian , professor at the John Paul II Catholic University of Lublin , and former member of the Polish Senate . During World War II , Kłoczowski was a soldier of the Home Army ( Armia Krajowa ) and participated in the Warsaw Uprising , where he was seriously injured and lost his right hand . On leaving the military hospital in April 1945 , he went to Adam Mickiewicz University in Poznań and then to Nicolaus Copernicus University in Toruń , where he earned a degree and a Ph.D. ( 1950 ) . Member of the anti - communist Solidarity movement – after the fall of communism in Poland , Kłoczowski was elected Senator and member of the Commission for Foreign Affairs of the Senate , as well as the representative of the Polish Parliament at the Council of Europe .

Pa'l Mundo ( ) is the fifth studio album by Puerto Rican reggaeton duo Wisin & Yandel , released on November 8 , 2005 by Machete Music . It is notable for being their first commercially successful album . It has sold over 3,000,000 albums worldwide . The album includes the singles , " Rakata , " " Llamé Pa ' Verte ( Bailando Sexy ) , " and " Noche de Sexo " , each of which were Top 5 hits on the U.S. Billboard Hot Latin Tracks chart . The song " Mayor Que Yo , Pt . 2 " is a continuation of the Top Three original , which had been featured on a Luny Tunes album . Luny Tunes co - produced the bulk of Pa'l Mundo , and was assisted here by Nely , Tainy , Thilo , and Nesty . A deluxe edition of the album was released on May 16 , 2006 . The " Deluxe Edition " was nominated for a Lo Nuestro Award for Urban Album of the Year .

The Forbidden Fruit ( , romanized as Mive - ye mamnooe or Mive mamnooe ) is an Iranian drama television series created for the channel IRIB TV2 . It was filmed in Tehran , Iran . It was directed by Hassan Fathi and written by Alireza Kazemipour . It ran for one season of 30 episodes , which are sometimes grouped into 22 episodes when shown in reruns . The plot centers on the disappearance and later murder of a company owner , Shayegan . His daughter Hasti , his creditor Jalal , and Jalal 's family all become involved in the search for Shayegan and his killer . It premiered on 3 December 2007 during Ramadan . Episodes aired on weekdays at 6:00 PM . This program features a soundtrack that was composed and performed by Ehsan Khajeh Amiri . The ending theme was released as a single by Amiri .

The Disquieting Muses ( in , 1916 , 1917 or 1918 ) is a painting by the Italian metaphysical painter Giorgio de Chirico . The Disquieting Muses was painted during World War I , when De Chirico was in Ferrara . The Castello Estense , near which de Chirico lived , is in the background , rust - red and among industrial buildings . At the front are the two Muses , dressed in classical clothing . One is standing and the other sitting , and they are placed among various objects , including a red mask and staff , an allusion to Melpomene and Thalia , the Muses of tragedy and comedy . The statue on a pedestal in the background is Apollo , leader of the Muses . Giorgio Castelfranco , an art collector and critic , described the painting in 1948 : The artist Carlo Belli discussed the merits of the painting in a letter to the collector Feroldi in 1939 : This painting would later become an inspiration for Sylvia Plath 's poem " The Disquieting Muses " . and for the second poem in Mark Strand 's " Two de Chiricos " from his Pulitzer Prize collection , Blizzard of One . A copy of this painting , at the moment , is located at the Italian Trade Commission ( ITC ) office , 33 East 67th Street , New York City .

Pashto ( , , Pax̌tō ) , sometimes spelled Pukhto , is the language of the Pashtuns . It is known in Persian literature as Afghāni ( ) and in Urdu and Hindi literature as Paṭhānī . Speakers of the language are called Pashtuns or Pakhtuns and sometimes Afghans or Pathans . It is an Eastern Iranian language , belonging to the Indo - European family . Pashto is one of the two official languages of Afghanistan , and it is the second - largest regional language of Pakistan , mainly spoken in the west and northwest of the country . In Pakistan , it is the majority language of the province of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and the northern districts of Balochistan . Along with Dari Persian , Pashto is the main language among the Pashtun diaspora around the world . The total number of Pashto - speakers is estimated to be 45–60 million people worldwide . Pashto belongs to the Northeastern Iranian group of the Indo - Iranian branch , but Ethnologue lists it as Southeastern Iranian . Pashto has two main dialect groups , " soft " and " hard " , the latter locally known as Pakhto or Paxto .

Viking Aircraft Inc. was an American aircraft manufacturer based in Panama City Beach , Florida . The company specialized in the design and manufacture of powered parachutes in the form of ready - to - fly aircraft in the US FAR 103 Ultralight Vehicles and the European Fédération Aéronautique Internationale microlight categories . The company is often confused with Viking Aircraft LLC , which was also once known as Viking Aircraft Inc. The company seems to have been founded about 2000 and gone out of business in 2005 . Viking Aircraft Inc. produced one product , the Viking Aircraft Viking II of which at least six examples were produced . The company also sold a single - seat version of the design , which they referred to as " the single - place " .

Sogndal Airport , Haukåsen (; ) is a regional airport serving Sogndal , Norway . It is situated at Haukåsen , from Kaupanger and from Sogndalsfjøra . It serves the Sogn district . The airport consists of a runway aligned 06/24 . Services are provided by Widerøe on public service obligation with the Ministry of Transport and Communications . The airport is owned and operated by the state - owned Avinor and served 70,244 passengers in 2014 . The airport opened on 1 July 1971 along with three other regional airports in Sogn og Fjordane and Sunnmøre . These were at first connected to Bergen and Ålesund using the de Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otter . From the 1980s the airport was upgraded and de Havilland Canada Dash 7 started being used , allowing all - year services to Oslo .

The Tuen Ma line ( ) is a Hong Kong MTR railway line due to open in 2019 . Part of the Sha Tin to Central Link project , it will incorporate and join the existing West Rail and Ma On Shan lines via new stations along the Shatin to Central Link ( Hung Hom to Tai Wai section ) . The line will have 27 stations , more than any other , and is expected to open in 2019 . During planning and construction , this line was codenamed “ East West Corridor ” ( ) until 25 May 2018 , when the finalised name was announced by MTR Corporation to reflect the districts of the termini it serves , namely Tuen Mun and Ma On Shan .

The Greek mafia is the colloquial term used to refer to various organized crime elements originating from Greece . Indigenous organized criminal groups are well - entrenched in the largest Greek urban centers , particularly in Athens . Organized crime has thrived in Greece in part thanks to the widespread political corruption in the country itself . The Greek mafia should not be confused with Greek street gangs , who take part in smaller street crime . Outside of the domestic Greek criminal organizations , the Sicilian Mafia , Camorra , and Albanian , Russian and Georgian mafia groups have been operating in Greece in collaboration with the domestic criminal syndicates . In the United States , the term " Greek mafia " may also include or refer specifically to various Greek - American organized crime groups . Notable ethnic Greek or Greek - American organized crime groups in the United States include the Philadelphia Greek Mob in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania and the Velentzas crime family in New York City . Greek - American crime groups vary in the extent of their connections to Greek mafia groups in Europe ; some Greek - American crime groups may be only loosely connected or even completely independent of Greek mafia groups in Europe , while certain Greek - American crime groups may essentially be American extensions of Greek mafia groups in Europe .

" Ka ' du se hva ' jeg sa ' ? " ( " Can you see , ( that 's ) what I told you ? " , literally : " Do you see what I said ? " ) was the Danish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1988 , performed in Danish by Kirsten & Søren ( a duo who had previously entered as Hot Eyes ) . The song was performed thirteenth on the night , following Austria 's Wilfried with " Lisa Mona Lisa " and preceding Greece 's Afroditi Frida with " Clown " . At the close of voting , it had received 92 points , placing 3rd in a field of 21 . The song describes a particularly difficult personality type — who " knows everything for certain " and " whistles if it turns out you 're at fault " . Over the course of the song , this person is gradually revealed to be the person to whom the song is being sung in the first place . The performance is perhaps more memorable for the fact that the female half of the duo ( Kirsten Siggard ) was heavily pregnant at the time and would give birth only three weeks after the contest . It was succeeded as Danish representative at the 1989 Contest by Birthe Kjær with " Vi maler byen rød " .

László Zarándi ( born 10 June 1929 ) was a Hungarian athlete who mainly competed in the 100 metres . He was born in Kiskunfélegyháza . He began his career in sport in 1946/47 as a soccer player in the team of SZVSE . At the high school he continued to play soccer , but trained also in athletics : 100 meter and high jump . Since 1950 he has been elected in the national team of Hungary for 4 x 100 meters relay . He competed for Hungary at the 1952 Summer Olympics held in Helsinki , Finland where he won the bronze medal in the men 's 4 x 100 metre relay with his team mates Géza Varasdi , György Csányi and Béla Goldoványi . Together with the same team , he won the gold medal on 29 August 1954 in Bern , at the European Championship of Athletics in the men 4 x 100 meter relay . From 1952 he has been teaching at the High Schoeo for Physical Education and he has trained jumpers like László Szalma ( 4 . place at the Olympic Games in 1980 ) and Dragan Ivanov .

Exotica is a 1994 Canadian drama film set primarily in and around the fictional Exotica strip club in Toronto . It is written and directed by Atom Egoyan and stars Mia Kirshner , Elias Koteas , Sarah Polley , Bruce Greenwood and Don McKellar . The story concerns a father grieving over the loss of a child and obsessed with a young stripper . It was inspired by Egoyan 's curiosity by the role strip clubs play in sex - obsessed societies , and rules at the time forbidding clients from touching dancers . Exotica was filmed in Toronto in 1993 . Marketed as an erotic thriller on its release in Canada and the United States , the film proved to be a major box office success for English Canadian cinema , and received positive reviews . It won numerous awards , including the FIPRESCI Prize at the Cannes Film Festival and eight Genie Awards , including Best Motion Picture .

WXCW , virtual channel 46 ( UHF digital channel 45 ) , is a CW - affiliated television station serving Fort Myers , Florida , United States that is licensed to Naples ( as such , WXCW is one of two Fort Myers - based stations that is licensed to Naples , alongside ABC affiliate WZVN - TV ) . The station is locally owned by Sun Broadcasting ; Fort Myers Broadcasting Company , which owns Fort Myers - licensed CBS affiliate WINK - TV ( channel 11 ) , operates WXCW under a shared services agreement . The two stations share studios on Palm Beach Boulevard ( SR 80 ) in northeast Fort Myers ; WXCW 's transmitter is located near the Charlotte and Lee County line .

The Philadelphia Liberty FC is a North American professional soccer team based in West Chester , Pennsylvania , United States . Founded in 2006 , the team plays in Women 's Premier Soccer League ( WPSL ) , a national amateur league at the fourth tier of the American Soccer Pyramid . The Liberty 's home is John A. Farrell Stadium , located on the campus of West Chester University in the Philadelphia suburb of West Chester , where they have played since 2006 . The team is owned by Team Dynamics LLC , a highly successful organization dedicated to soccer education and player development at all age levels , which also operates the Atlantic City Diablos and Central Delaware SA Future . The team 's colors are orange and black . Prior to the 2007 season , the team was known as the Philadelphia Pirates . In 2009 , Team Dynamics LLC became Philadelphia Women 's Pro Soccer LLC , and the Philadelphia Independence of Women 's Professional Soccer began competing under its ownership in 2010 . Also in 2010 , the WPSL Philadelphia Liberty were renamed the Philadelphia Independence , meaning that Philadelphia Women 's Pro Soccer LLC now operates two teams named the Philadelphia Independence , one in WPS and one in the WPSL .

Pope Fabian (; c. 200 – 20 January 250 ) was the Bishop of Rome from 10 January 236 to his death in 250 , succeeding Anterus . He is famous for the miraculous nature of his election , in which a dove is said to have descended on his head to mark him as the Holy Spirit 's unexpected choice to become the next pope . He was succeeded by Cornelius . Most of his papacy was characterized by amicable relations with the imperial government , and Fabian could thus bring back to Rome the bodies of Pope Pontian and the antipope Hippolytus , both of whom had died in exile in the Sardinian mines , for Christian burial . It was also probably during his reign that the schism between the two corresponding Roman congregations of these leaders was ended . He was highly esteemed by Cyprian ; Novatian refers to his nobilissima memoriae , and he corresponded with Origen . One authority refers to him as Flavian . The Liber Pontificalis , a fourth - century document that survives in later copies , says that he divided Rome into diaconates and appointed secretaries to collect the records of the martyrs . He is also said , probably without basis , to have baptized the emperor Philip the Arab and his son . More plausible is the report in the Liberian Catalogue that he sent out seven " apostles to the Gauls " as missionaries . He died a martyr at the beginning of the Decian persecution and is venerated as a saint by the Catholic Church . Fabian 's feast day is commemorated on January 20 , the same as Saint Sebastian , in whose church his sepulcher lies in Rome .

Vasiliev Nini ( born 1954 in Gjirokastra , Albania ) is an Albanian - born American sculptor who lives in Columbus , Ohio . In 1979 , he graduated with distinction from the Academy of Arts , Branch of Monumental Sculpture , in Tirana , Albania . Since 2 July 2007 , he has lived in United States . He sculpts in a variety of materials such as marble , granite , stone , wood , bronze , metal and chrome but is not limited according to his visions and variably to different textures , medias and colors . As a teacher he spread knowledge and experience at the Center for the Implementation of Art Works and lectured at the Academy of Fine Arts - Branch of Figurative Arts in Tirana ; also continued to organize private fine art classes in Omaha , Nebraska .

Alexandr Vladimirovich Gussev ( Александр Владимирович Гусев , 5 July 1917 – 31 December 1999 ) , sometimes spelled Gusev in the literature , was a Russian helminthologist specialist of monogeneans . Gussev was a student of the soviet parasitologist V. A. Dogiel . He worked at the Zoological Institute in Leningrad , then Saint Petersburg , Russia . He received his PhD in 1953 and his DrSc in 1973 . Gussev wrote more than 220 publications , dealing with systematics , faunistics , morphology , development , biology and zoogeography of fish parasites . Gussev is mainly known for his work on the Monogenea , a group of Platyhelminthes parasitic on freshwater and marine fish . He was one of the world leader in this field and described more than 200 new species of monogeneans . He also authored a handbook on methods of collecting monogeneans .

Bubba Ho - Tep is a 2002 American comedy horror film written , co - produced and directed by Don Coscarelli . It stars Bruce Campbell as Elvis Presley — now a resident in a nursing home . The film also stars Ossie Davis as Jack , a black man who claims to be John F. Kennedy , explaining that he was patched up after the assassination , dyed black , and abandoned . It is based on novella of the same name by Joe R. Lansdale , which originally appeared in the anthology The King Is Dead : Tales of Elvis Post - Mortem . Originally the film was " roadshowed " by the director across the country . Only 32 prints were made and circulated around various film festivals , though these garnered critical success . By the time it was released on DVD , it had already achieved cult status due to positive reviews , lack of access , and inclusion of ( and similar on - the - road hard work by ) Campbell . While the novella and film revolve around an ancient Egyptian mummy ( played by Bob Ivy ) terrorizing a retirement home , Bubba Ho - tep also deals with the deeper theme of aging and growing old in a culture that values only the young . The film also features a cameo by Reggie Bannister from Coscarelli 's Phantasm series .

Herrsching am Ammersee is a municipality in Upper Bavaria , Germany , on the east shore of the Ammersee , southwest of Munich . The population is around 8,000 in winter , increasing to 13,000 in summer . Situated at one terminus of the Munich S - Bahn line , the village is popular with travellers for its water - sports and as the starting point of trips to the Benedictine Andechs Abbey . Herrsching is also a stop for touring steamships of the Bavarian Seenschiffahrt or lake fleet . Prior to WW - II Herrsching was home to the " Reichsfinanzschule Hersching " ( finance school ) . In 1945 - 1946 the school was converted into a POW hospital and rehab facility for soldiers who had lost limbs .

Cloverfield is an American science fiction horror anthology film series and media franchise created and produced by J. J. Abrams consisting of three films , viral marketing websites linking the films together and a tie - in manga to the first film titled Cloverfield / Kishin ( 2008 ) , set in a shared fictional universe referred to as the " Cloververse " . The franchise as a whole deals with creatures from other dimensions attacking Earth throughout various decades , all as a repercussion of an experiment by an astronaut team aboard the Cloverfield Station in outer - space . Each film depicts the reality - altering effects of their study , which was meant to find a new energy source benefiting the depleted resources of our planet , only to open portals for assault from various beasts from deep space . Cloverfield , the first film in the series , is a found footage monster film released on January 18 , 2008 , which was well - received by critics . After it , several films initially conceived as standalone features were modified to make them part of a franchise . The first sequel , titled 10 Cloverfield Lane , is a psychological horror - thriller film that was released on March 11 , 2016 , and like its predecessor received positive reviews from critics . The Cloverfield Paradox , a science fiction horror film , was released by Netflix on February 4 , 2018 . Unlike the previous two films , it received negative reviews .

Mind Changer is a 1998 science fiction book by Northern Irish author James White , part of his Sector General series . Publishers Weekly described Mind Changer as " White 's finest performance , replete with wit , originality , medical expertise and sheer decency " and commented that the series shows no signs of aging , and Booklist described the book as an " enjoyable , witty resumé " of Chief Psychologist O'Mara 's career . Todd Richmond wrote that the Sector General series declined after Star Healer ( 1985 ) , hitting a low point with The Galactic Gourmet ( 1996 ) , and that the later books tended to stretch a short story 's worth of content to the length of a novel . However he thought that Mind Changer ( 1998 ) represented an improvement .

The thick line policy ( Polish : gruba kreska , thick stroke , or gruba linia , thick line ) was the term used by prime minister of Poland , Tadeusz Mazowiecki , in his first parliamentary speech in Sejm , in 1989 . He said , " We split away the history of our recent past with a thick line . We will be responsible only for what we have done to help extract Poland from her current predicament , from now on " . ( Przeszłość odkreślamy grubą linią . Odpowiadać będziemy jedynie za to , co uczyniliśmy , by wydobyć Polskę z obecnego stanu załamania . ) In more recent years , his intentions were considered by many people , and his gruba kreska is often understood as a policy of nonpunishment for crimes committed by the communist regime of pre-1989 Poland .

Daniel Ellison ( February 14 , 1886 – August 20 , 1960 ) was a U.S. Representative from Maryland . Born in Russian Empire , Ellison was brought to the United States by his parents as an infant . He attended the public schools of Baltimore , Maryland , and graduated from Johns Hopkins University in 1907 and from the University of Maryland School of Law of Baltimore in 1909 . He was admitted to the bar the same year and commenced practice in Baltimore . He was also a longtime member of the Baltimore city council , serving from 1923 to 1942 . Ellison was elected as a Republican to the Seventy - eighth Congress ( January 3 , 1943 – January 3 , 1945 ) , but was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1944 to the Seventy - ninth Congress . He resumed the practice of law in Baltimore , and also served as member of the Maryland Senate from 1946 to 1950 . He died in Baltimore , and is interred in Hebrew Friendship Cemetery .

" Paparazzi " is a song by American singer Lady Gaga from her debut studio album , The Fame ( 2008 ) . It was released as the album 's fifth and final single by Interscope Records . Gaga wrote and produced the song with Rob Fusari . The song portrays Gaga 's struggles in her quest for fame , as well as balancing success and love . Musically , it is an uptempo techno - pop and dance - pop song whose lyrics describe a stalker following somebody to grab attention and fame . Although released on July 6 , 2009 , in the United Kingdom and four days later in Australia , " LoveGame " initially had been planned as the third single release in the former but deeming its lyrics and music video potentially controversial , it was decided that " Paparazzi " would be released instead . " Paparazzi " was critically acclaimed for its " fun - filled " and club - friendly nature . It was also commercially successful , reaching top - ten positions in the music charts of Australia , Canada , Ireland , the United Kingdom , and the United States and topping the charts in the Czech Republic and Germany . The accompanying music video was directed by Jonas Åkerlund and portrays Gaga as a doomed starlet , hounded by photographers , who is almost killed by her boyfriend . It shows her survival , comeback , revenge on her boyfriend , and experiences on the way to fame . The video won two MTV Video Music Awards in 2009 for Best Art Direction and Best Special Effects . Gaga also performed the song at the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards in a performance art piece symbolizing the negative effect of fame leading to death . Additional live performances of the song include on The Fame Ball Tour ( 2009 ) , where it was the opening song , on an October 2009 episode of Saturday Night Live and on The Monster Ball Tour ( 2009 – 2011 ) . On the first leg of The Monster Ball Tour , she appeared as a Rapunzel - like character ; from the second leg onward , she performed the song alongside a giant anglerfish ( " The Fame Monster " ) who , attempting to devour her , was killed after her leotard shot sparks into the creature .

" Death Disco " is a song by Public Image Ltd. The record was released in both 7 " and 12 " single formats with a " ½ Mix " of the song and " Megga mix " ( an instrumental re - recording of " Fodderstompf " from ) on the 12 " version . It reached number twenty on the UK Singles Chart . The song was released in an alternative version as " Swan Lake " on the group 's second album , Metal Box , with slight changes at the end . The title change reflects the quote from Tchaikovsky 's score that surfaces in Keith Levene 's guitar part . In his autobiography , , Lydon stated that the song was written for his mother , who had died of cancer not long before . " I watched her die , " he told Select in 1990 . " She was tough , my mum . She asked me to write a disco song for her funeral . This was hardly happy stuff . " According to AllMusic , " the song is built on a dense groove informed equally by dub and disco " and features both " Lydon at his most desperate and stark " and Keith Levene " dishing out shards of guitar that complement the rhythm one moment and then shift into horrific riffing the next . " " Death Disco " was also included on the 1983 album Live in Tokyo . The song was ranked at No . 11 among the top " Tracks of the Year " of 1979 by NME . Paul Lester of The Guardian wrote that " Death Disco " was " the biggest hit with a load of rhythmical dissonance [ ... ] until the dosser disco of Happy Mondays ' " Hallelujah " ten years later . "

The Liberal Popular Alliance ( ) , whose full name was Liberal Popular Alliance – Autonomies ( Alleanza Liberalpopolare – Autonomie , ALA ) , was a centrist and liberal political party in Italy . ALA members are known as Verdiniani , from the name of their leader Denis Verdini , who was formerly a long - time member and national coordinator of three successive centre - right parties led by Silvio Berlusconi ( Forza Italia , The People of Freedom and Forza Italia ) until July 2015 , when he broke with Berlusconi in order to support the government led by Matteo Renzi , leader of the centre - left Democratic Party . Verdini aimed at launching the " Moderates for Renzi " , that would eventually include the other centrist parties supporting the government . After Renzi 's resignation as Prime Minister in December 2016 the party lost relevance and after the 2018 general election it was deprived of its parliamentary representation .

The Los Angeles Kiss ( stylized as LA KISS ) were a professional arena football team based in Anaheim , California , and members of the Arena Football League ( AFL ) . The Kiss joined the AFL as an expansion team after Los Angeles ' previous franchise ( Los Angeles Avengers ) did not return as a part of Arena Football 1 . The team 's ownership was a group of Gene Simmons and Paul Stanley , members of rock band Kiss , as well as their manager Doc McGhee . The team played its home games at the Honda Center in nearby Anaheim , which they shared with the Anaheim Ducks of the National Hockey League . The team was featured in the AMC series 4th and Loud .

Dorothea Christiane Erxleben née Leporin ( 13 November 1715 , Quedlinburg – 13 June 1762 in Quedlinburg ) was the first female medical doctor in Germany . Erxleben was instructed in medicine by her father from an early age . The Italian scientist Laura Bassi 's university professorship inspired Erxleben to fight for her right to practise medicine . In 1742 , she published a tract arguing that women should be allowed to attend university . After being admitted to study by a dispensation of Frederick the Great , Erxleben received her MD from the University of Halle in 1754 . She was the first German woman to receive a MD . She went on to analyse the obstacles preventing women from studying , among them housekeeping and children .

The Game of Life , also known simply as Life , is a board game originally created in 1860 by Milton Bradley , as The Checkered Game of Life . The Game of Life was America 's first popular parlour game . The game simulates a person 's travels through his or her life , from college to retirement , with jobs , marriage , and possible children along the way . Two to six players can participate in one game . Variations of the game accommodate eight to ten players . The modern version was originally published 100 years later , in 1960 . It was created and co - designed by toy and game designer Reuben Klamer and was " heartily endorsed " by Art Linkletter . It is now part of the permanent collection of the Smithsonian 's National Museum of American History and an inductee into the National Toy Hall of Fame .

Scenery Hill , called Hillsborough before April 10 , 1867 , is an unincorporated community in North Bethlehem Township in Washington County , Pennsylvania , United States . It serves as the postal address for most North Bethlehem Township residents . The ZIP code is 15360 . The village is located along U.S. Route 40 which is also known as the National Pike or National Road . It was the first east - west highway constructed in the U.S. Each year a large festival is held along the road in May stretching from parts of Maryland into Ohio . Scenery Hill often features entertainment and other exhibits during the event . Many of the residential and commercial buildings in the community are part of the Scenery Hill Historic District , listed on the National Register of Historic Places . The community was initially named for Robert Hill , an early settler . The Hill family is recognized for building Hill 's Tavern ( now known as Century Inn ) , between 1788 and 1794 . Hill 's Tavern was constructed in the 18th century and is a historic centerpiece of the village . A fire on August 17 , 2015 heavily damaged it . Many antique shops occupy the old homes along the main thoroughfare . Scenery Hill is home to small Lutheran and Methodist congregations . Many family names have existed in the region since the 18th century . Scenery Hill is surrounded by sheep and cattle farms . Scenery Hill is located at an elevation of 1388   ft ( 423 m ) .

Upper Klamath Lake ( sometimes called Klamath Lake ) ( Klamath : ? ews , " lake " ) is a large , shallow freshwater lake east of the Cascade Range in south - central Oregon in the United States . The largest body of fresh water by surface area in Oregon , it is approximately long and wide and extends northwest from the city of Klamath Falls . It sits at an average elevation of . In the early 20th   century , most of the wetlands and marshes surrounding the lake were drained for agricultural purposes , damaging the larger habitat . The lake 's water has been used to support the federal Klamath Project for irrigation by local farmers for a century . The lake depth fluctuates due to regulation of its water supply , averaging between deep . The lake level is kept within above sea level to ensure a viable fishery in the lake and to protect coho salmon in the Klamath River below the lake . Upper Klamath Lake is fed by a watershed of including the Williamson and Wood Rivers , and is drained by the Klamath River ( known here as the Link River ) , which issues from the south end of the lake . The lake is connected by a short channel to the smaller Agency Lake to the north . The Upper Klamath National Wildlife Refuge has been established on land along the northern edge of the lake to preserve natural habitat .

PortsToronto ( PT ) , formerly known as the Toronto Port Authority ( TPA ) , is responsible for the management of the harbour of Toronto , Ontario , Canada and the Billy Bishop Toronto City Airport . It is a federally - incorporated agency , with directors appointed by three levels of government : the Government of Canada , through the Minister of Transport , Government of Ontario and the City of Toronto . The agency changed its name in 2015 to PortsToronto . The organization is the successor to the Toronto Harbour Commission ( THC ) which had managed Toronto Harbour since 1911 , paid for through government transfers , harbour and airport fees . As part of a Canada - wide plan of the Government of Canada to turn government commissions into self - sufficient agencies , the TPA was set up in 1999 to take over the harbour and airport functions of the THC . This was done against the wishes of the City of Toronto , which had been transferring THC harbour lands to City agencies for redevelopment . The City had planned to take over the harbour administration as a direct city function . The new mission , to be self - sufficient , led the agency to pursue opportunities to increase its revenues , including expansion of the island airport , and the building of a cruise ship terminal . The agency built a working relationship with startup airline Porter Airlines and , despite the 2003 cancelling of a permanent bridge to the airport , has been successful in increasing air traffic at the airport to the point where it turned a profit in 2008 . It has since built a pedestrian tunnel to the airport . In contrast , the cruise ship facility has been little - used after the failure of a ferry to Rochester , New York . The TPA 's efforts in partnership with Porter to expand the airport has placed it in opposition to various communities in Toronto and Toronto City Council , which in 2003 cancelled a TPA - planned bridge to the airport . Additionally , the agency has been involved in several disputes , including a land dispute , harbour fees and property taxes with the City , and lawsuits over the operation of the airport with Air Canada . In 2013 , Porter proposed an expansion of the airport to support the introduction of jet airplanes to the airport . Toronto City Council refused to endorse the proposal and sent it to the TPA for study . The jet proposal was cancelled in December 2015 after the newly elected Liberal federal government announced it would not renegotiate the operating agreement of the airport to allow jets .

Forgotten Freshness is a rarities album by American hip hop group Insane Clown Posse . Released in 1995 , the album features unreleased and " lost " tracks that are harder to find elsewhere . This album features some samples that were not cleared for national distribution ; therefore , this album was only released in the Detroit area and the mid - west and in limited copies . In 1998 , the group released Forgotten Freshness Volumes 1 & 2 . " Ghetto Zone " , " Life At Risk " , and " Ask You Somethin " were not featured on the re - release , with " Ask You Somethin " appearing on no other release . The edits of " Southwest Strangla " and " 3 Ring " are also exclusive to this compilation , the former featuring an intro that would later become part of " 12 " from the Riddle Box album and the latter featuring an answering machine message . It is the group 's first installment in the " Forgotten Freshness album series " , their 1st compilation album , and their 6th overall release .

Märchen Awakens Romance , officially abbreviated as , is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Nobuyuki Anzai . The anime television series based on the series is titled and was originally broadcast in Japan on the TXN station . MÄR is characterized by fairy tale motifs running throughout the series with Märchen being itself the German word for " fairy tale " . VIZ Media has acquired the North American rights to both the MÄR manga and anime and aired a dubbed version of the series , first on Toonami Jetstream , an online service from Cartoon Network , and then on the network itself , as part of the Toonami programming block . In June , Canadian youth network YTV broadcast MÄR on its Bionix programming block . A sequel to MÄR , entitled MÄR Omega , was announced in September 2006 . However , it was illustrated by Kōichiro Hoshino instead of Nobuyuki Anzai .

The Ingeniero Ballester Dam is a dam on the Neuquén River , in the Argentine Patagonia . The top of the dam doubles as a road bridge . The dam is located near the town of Barda del Medio , province of Río Negro , downstream from the El Chañar Dam ( the last part of the Cerros Colorados Complex ) , and from north - northeast from the city of Neuquén . Completed in 1916 , the dam is used to re - route part of the flow of the Neuquén River to a long irrigation canal which flows east and then southeast passing by the cities of Barda del Medio , Cinco Saltos , Cipolletti , Allen , General Roca , Ingeniero Luis A. Huergo , and Villa Regina , and then emptying into the flood plain of the Río Negro . A second derivation dam , downstream on the canal , sends water to feed the reservoir of the Pellegrini Lake . The Ballester Bridge over the dam is long and wide . National Route 151 crosses over it from Río Negro to the province of Neuquén .

Russian opera ( Russian : Ру́сская о́пера Rússkaya ópera ) is the art of opera in Russia . Operas by composers of Russian origin , written or staged outside of Russia , also belong to this category , as well as the operas of foreign composers written or intended for the Russian scene . These are not only Russian - language operas . There are examples of Russian operas written in French , English , Italian , Latin , Ancient Greek , Japanese , or the multitude of languages of the nationalities that were part of the Empire and the Soviet Union . Russian opera includes the works of such composers as Glinka , Mussorgsky , Borodin , Tchaikovsky , Rimsky - Korsakov , Stravinsky , Prokofiev and Shostakovich . Searching for its typical and characteristic features , Russian opera ( and Russian music as a whole ) , has often been under strong foreign influence . Italian , French , and German operas have served as examples , even when composers sought to introduce special , national elements into their work . This dualism , to a greater or lesser degree , has persisted throughout the whole history of Russian opera .

Harry Leon " Suitcase " Simpson ( December 3 , 1925 – April 3 , 1979 ) was an African American outfielder and first baseman in Major League Baseball who played for the Cleveland Indians , Kansas City Athletics , New York Yankees , Chicago White Sox , and Pittsburgh Pirates in his eight - year career . He played in the World Series with the New York Yankees in 1957 , which they lost . He was born in Atlanta , and died in Akron , Ohio . He was one of the earliest black players in the American League , playing first with the Cleveland Indians in . Casey Stengel once called him the best defensive right fielder in the American League . That his nickname of " Suitcase " came from his being frequently traded during his playing career is a common misconception . According to the 1951 Cleveland Indians Sketch Book , he was called " Suitcase " by sportswriters after the Toonerville Trolley character , Suitcase Simpson , because of his size 13 shoe with feet as large as suitcases . This is years before his many trades . His real nickname was " Goody " , which came from his willingness to run errands and help neighbors in his hometown of Dalton , Georgia .

William Earl Barber ( November 30 , 1919 – April 19 , 2002 ) was a United States Marine Corps colonel . He fought on Iwo Jima during World War II and was awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions in the Battle of Chosin Reservoir during the Korean War . Then Captain Barber and his company of 220 men held off more than 1,400 Chinese soldiers during six days of fighting in North Korea . Despite the extreme cold weather conditions and a bullet wound to the leg , Barber refused evacuation and an order for his company to withdraw from their mountain pass defensive position which was surrounded . Barber , aware that leaving would cause 8,000 Marines of his division to be trapped in North Korea , held on to the position with his men , killing over 1,000 enemy troops ; only 82 of his men were able to walk away after eventually being relieved .

Paul Carl Kocher ( born June 11 , 1973 ) is an American cryptographer and cryptography consultant , currently the president and chief scientist of Cryptography Research , Inc. Among his most significant achievements are the development of timing attacks that can break implementations of RSA , DSA and fixed - exponent Diffie – Hellman that operate in non - constant time , as well as the co - development of power analysis and differential power analysis . He also contributed to the design of Deep Crack , a DES brute - force key search machine . He was one of the architects of the Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) 3.0 protocol , a cryptographic protocol for secure communications on the Internet . Kocher grew up in Oregon . He received a bachelor 's degree in biology from Stanford University in 1991 , where he worked part - time with Martin Hellman . Kocher was elected to the U.S. National Academy of Engineering in 2009 for his contributions to cryptography and Internet security .

The first game , named Star Soldier , appeared on the MSX and NES in 1986 , and the series has continued on various gaming systems . Star Soldier itself has received enhanced remakes for both the GameCube and PlayStation 2 in 2003 , and a different remake for the PlayStation Portable in 2005 , while the latest installment of the series was released on the Wii as a WiiWare game in 2008 . In addition , Super Star Soldier , Final Soldier , Soldier Blade and Star Parodier have been re - released on the Wii 's Virtual Console and on the Japanese PC Engine 's Best Collection lineup for the PSP . Konami began releasing Star Soldier games in 2012 with the release of Star Soldier for GREE as a Japan - only release for iOS . In addition to new titles in the series , Konami has re - released other games in the series for the Wii U Virtual Console . The Star Soldier games are best known for their distinctive music , unique weapon power - ups , and a special time attack high score mode called " Caravan Mode " .

Auisle or Óisle ( or ; died c. 867 ) was a Viking leader in Ireland and Scotland in the mid - late ninth century . He was the son of the king of Lochlann , identified in the non - contemporary Fragmentary Annals of Ireland as Gofraid , and brother of Amlaíb Conung and Ímar , the latter of whom founded the Uí Ímair dynasty , and whose descendants would go on to dominate the Irish Sea region for several centuries . Another Viking leader , Halfdan Ragnarsson , is sometimes considered a brother . The Irish Annals title Auisle , Ímar and Amlaíb " kings of the foreigners " . Modern scholars use the title " kings of Dublin " after the Viking settlement which formed the base of their power . Auisle is mentioned three times in contemporary annals . In the first entry , dated 863 , he and his brothers are recorded as having raided Brega , including underground tombs at Achad Aldai , Cnodba , and Dubad . The second , dated 866 , records Auisle and Amlaíb raiding Pictland , taking away many hostages . In the final entry , dated 867 , the death of Auisle at the hands of unnamed kinsmen is reported . According to the later Fragmentary Annals his brothers Amlaíb and Ímar plotted his death , with Amlaíb striking the killing blow .

David Livingstone is a broadcaster for Sky Sports in the UK . He began his career as a news reporter in the early part of the 1970s , and then moved into sports broadcasting , primarily football . He then moved to working for Scottish Television as a reporter and production journalist . He joined BSkyB at its formation in early 1990 , and with the subsequent merger with Sky Sports later that year found himself being a reporter on live football matches as Sky won its first Premier League contract in 1992 . Following this Sky bought the rights to screen the PGA Tour and Livingstone joined that team . He is one of only eight men who have been at Sky Sports since its formation . At the conclusion of the 2018 Ryder Cup coverage , and with heartfelt tributes from Butch Harmon and Nick Dougherty , he departing his longstanding role with Sky Sports , having presented Sky Sports Golf coverage for 23 years .

The durian ( ) is the fruit of several tree species belonging to the genus Durio . There are 30 recognised Durio species , at least nine of which produce edible fruit , with over 100 named varieties in Indonesia , 300 in Thailand and 100 in Malaysia . Durio zibethinus is the only species available in the international market : other species are sold in their local regions . Regarded by many people in Southeast Asia as the " king of fruits " , the durian is distinctive for its large size , strong odour , and thorn - covered rind . The fruit can grow as large as long and in diameter , and it typically weighs one to three   kilograms ( 2 to 7   lb ) . Its shape ranges from oblong to round , the colour of its husk green to brown , and its flesh pale yellow to red , depending on the species . Some people regard the durian as having a pleasantly sweet fragrance , whereas others find the aroma overpowering with an unpleasant odour . The smell evokes reactions from deep appreciation to intense disgust , and has been described variously as rotten onions , turpentine , and raw sewage . The persistence of its odour , which may linger for several days , has led to the fruit 's banishment from certain hotels and public transportation in southeast Asia . By contrast , the nineteenth - century British naturalist Alfred Russel Wallace described its flesh as " a rich custard highly flavoured with almonds " . The flesh can be consumed at various stages of ripeness , and it is used to flavour a wide variety of savoury and sweet desserts in southeast Asian cuisines . The seeds can also be eaten when cooked .

Herrerasaurids are dinosaurs appearing at around 223.23 million years ago ( Late Triassic ) . These dinosaurs became extinct by the end of the Triassic period . Herrerasaurids were small - sized ( normally not more than long ) carnivorous basal saurischians . The best known representatives of this group are from South America ( Brazil , Argentina ) , where they were first discovered in the 1960s . A nearly complete skeleton of Herrerasaurus ischigulastensis was discovered in the Ischigualasto Formation in San Juan , Argentina , in 1988 . Less complete herrerasaurids have been found in North America , and they may have inhabited other continents as well . Herrerasaurid anatomy is unusual and specialized , and they are not considered to be ancestral to any later dinosaur group . They only superficially resemble theropods and often present a mixture of very primitive and derived traits . The acetabulum is only partly open , and there are only two sacral vertebrae , the lowest number among dinosaurs . The pubic bone has a derived structure , being rotated somewhat posteriorly and folded to create a superficially tetanuran - like terminal expansion , especially prominent in H. ischigulastensis . The hand is primitive in having five metacarpals and the third finger longer than the second , but resembles those of theropods in having only three long fingers , with curved claws . Herrerasaurids also have a hinged mandible , which is also found in theropods .

Many East Asian scripts can be written horizontally or vertically . Chinese , Japanese and Korean scripts can be oriented in either direction , as they consist mainly of disconnected logographic or syllabic units , each occupying a square block of space , thus allowing for flexibility for which direction texts can be written , be it horizontally from left - to - right , horizontally from right - to - left , vertically from top - to - bottom , and even vertically from bottom - to - top . Horizontal writing is known in Chinese as hengpai ( ) , in Japanese as yokogaki ( , " horizontal writing " , also yokogumi , ) , and in Korean as garosseugi ( ) or hoengseo (; ) . Vertical writing is known respectively as zongpai ( ) , tategaki ( , " vertical writing " , also tategumi , ) , or serosseugi ( ) or jongseo (; ) . Traditionally , Chinese , Japanese , and Korean are written vertically in columns going from top to bottom and ordered from right to left , with each new column starting to the left of the preceding one . The stroke order and stroke direction of Chinese characters ( hanzi in Chinese , kanji in Japanese , hanja in Korean ) , Japanese kana , and Korean Hangul all facilitate writing in this manner . In addition , writing in vertical columns from right to left facilitated writing with a brush in the right hand while continually unrolling the sheet of paper or scroll with the left . Since the nineteenth century , it has become increasingly common for these languages to be written horizontally , from left to right , with successive rows going from top to bottom , under the influence of European languages such as English , although vertical writing is still frequently used in Hong Kong , Japan , Macau , Korea , and Taiwan .

Pasi Juhani Rutanen ( born . 23 October 1936 Jyväskylä ) is a Finnish journalist and diplomat . Rutanen studied at the University of Helsinki and did same time cartoons and columns at the Ylioppilaslehti . After graduating as a bachelor of political science he went to Finnish Broadcasting Company . In the mid-1960s , he was sent to the United States as the first Washington correspondent of the Finnish Broadcasting Company , until he moved to the diplomatic service in 1970 . Rutanen is especially remembered of the reports from Houston about of the Apollo 11 flight which landed on the moon . Rutanen was an Ambassador from 1984 to 1987 in Manila and served as Deputy Director General of the Development Cooperation Department in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs between 1987 and 1989 , as a negotiating officer from 1989 to 1991 , Ambassador to Bangkok in years 1984 – 1986 Finland 's ambassador to the OECD delegation in Paris 1991 – 1997 and Ambassador in Beijing 1997–2001 Rutanen lives with his American wife in Paris

The Coalition Avenir Québec ( CAQ ; , " Coalition for Quebec 's Future " ) is a centre - right Quebec nationalist and autonomist provincial political party in Quebec , Canada . It was founded by former Parti Québécois ( PQ ) cabinet minister François Legault and businessman Charles Sirois ; Legault also serves as the party leader . The party membership includes both Quebec nationalists and federalists . Legault has said it will never endorse a referendum on sovereignty , but more autonomy if necessary . Not long after its formation , the party gained nine sitting Members of the National Assembly of Quebec ( MNAs ) who had been elected as members of the PQ and of the Action démocratique du Québec ( ADQ ) ; the ADQ later merged with the CAQ in January 2012 . The party is registered with the Director - General of Elections in Quebec under the name Coalition Avenir Québec – L'équipe François Legault ( Coalition Avenir Quebec – Team François Legault ) . Members and supporters of the party are referred to as " caquistes " , derived from the French pronunciation of the party 's initials . However , the party had requested that the term " coalisés " be used instead . On 1 October 2018 the CAQ won a majority of seats in the National Assembly of Quebec .

The Chevrolet Chevette is a front - engine , rear - drive subcompact car manufactured and marketed by Chevrolet for the model years 1976 - 1987 in three - door and five - door hatchback body styles . Introduced in September 1975 , the Chevette superseded the Vega as Chevrolet 's entry - level subcompact , and sold 2.8 million units over 12 years . The Chevette was the best - selling small car in the U.S. for model years 1979 and 1980 . The Chevette employed General Motors ' global T platform . Worldwide , GM manufactured and marketed more than 7 million T - cars — rebadged variants using the T platform — including the Pontiac Acadian in Canada , Pontiac T1000/1000 in the United States ( 1981 - 1987 ) , K-180 in Argentina , Vauxhall Chevette , Opel Kadett , Isuzu Gemini , Holden Gemini , and as a coupe utility ( pickup ) , the Chevy 500 . A T - car variant remained in production in South America through 1998 .

A volume boot record ( VBR ) ( also known as a volume boot sector , a partition boot record or a partition boot sector ) is a type of boot sector introduced by the IBM Personal Computer . It may be found on a partitioned data storage device , such as a hard disk , or an unpartitioned device , such as a floppy disk , and contains machine code for bootstrapping programs ( usually , but not necessarily , operating systems ) stored in other parts of the device . On non - partitioned storage devices , it is the first sector of the device . On partitioned devices , it is the first sector of an individual partition on the device , with the first sector of the entire device being a Master Boot Record ( MBR ) containing the partition table . The code in volume boot records is invoked either directly by the machine 's firmware or indirectly by code in the master boot record or a boot manager . Code in the MBR and VBR is in essence loaded the same way . Invoking a VBR via a boot manager is known as chain loading . Some dual - boot systems , such as NTLDR ( the boot loader for all releases of Microsoft 's Windows NT - derived operating systems up to and including Windows XP and Windows Server 2003 ) , take copies of the bootstrap code that individual operating systems install into a single partition 's VBR and store them in disc files , loading the relevant VBR content from file after the boot loader has asked the user which operating system to bootstrap . In Windows Vista , Windows Server 2008 and newer versions , NTLDR was replaced ; the boot - loader functionality is instead provided by two new components : WINLOAD.EXE and the Windows Boot Manager . In file systems such as FAT12 ( except for in DOS 1.x ) , FAT16 , FAT32 , HPFS and NTFS , the VBR also contains a BIOS Parameter Block ( BPB ) that specifies the location and layout of the principal on - disk data structures for the file system . ( A detailed discussion of the sector layout of FAT VBRs , the various FAT BPB versions and their entries can be found in the FAT article . )

" Poor Boy ( The Greenwood ) " is a song written by Jeff Lynne and the Electric Light Orchestra ( ELO ) . The song is track number 5 from their 1974 album Eldorado and tells the story of the Dreamer on the hill fantasising he is one of Robin Hood 's merry men , forming the fourth dream . " A Robin Hood type character who actually maid Marion . " Jeff Lynne ( 2001 - Eldorado Remaster ) It was released as the second single A - side from Eldorado in The Netherlands , but failed to chart . The song was used as the B - side for " Telephone Line " in the US , and in the UK the song was joined with " King of the Universe " on the flip side . The version performed on their concert film , " Fusion – Live in London " uses the last couple of seconds , 2:27 - 2:57 , reprise of " Eldorado Overture " , as used for the ending of side 1 of the album .

West Aceh Regency is a regency ( ) in the Aceh special region of Indonesia . It is located on the island of Sumatra . The regency currently covers an area of 2,927.95 square kilometres and according to the 2010 census had a population of 173,558 ; the latest estimate ( as at 2014 ) is 182,721 . These figures include the city of Meulaboh , which was the seat of the regency government until 8 July 2013 when it was separated out as an independent city . The regency is a palm oil producing area . Some of the people of the regency are Minangkabau - descended Aneuk Jamee . The regency was among the hardest - hit areas during the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake . The regency is bordered by the regencies of Aceh Jaya to the west , Pidie to the north , Central Aceh to the northeast , and Nagan Raya to the southeast , and by the Indian Ocean to the southwest .

Marquess of Carisbrooke was a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom . It was created in 1917 for Prince Alexander of Battenberg , eldest son of Princess Beatrice of the United Kingdom ( youngest daughter of Queen Victoria ) and Prince Henry of Battenberg . He was made Viscount Launceston , in the County of Cornwall , and Earl of Berkhamsted at the same time , also in the Peerage of the United Kingdom . Along with other German - surnamed relations of the British Royal family , Alexander also changed his surname at this time , to Mountbatten . The titles became extinct upon Lord Carisbrooke 's death in 1960 , as he had no sons . Carisbrooke Castle was the residence of Prince Henry and Princess Beatrice as Governor of the Isle of Wight . The title of Marquess of Berkhampstead had previously been conferred with the Dukedom of Cumberland on Prince William Augustus , son of King George II , in 1726 . The title of Viscount Launceston had previously been conferred with the Dukedom of Edinburgh on Prince Frederick Louis , later Prince of Wales , also in 1726 .

Qiu Xiaolong ( , ; born Shanghai , China , 1953 ) is an English - language poet , literary translator , crime novelist , critic , and academic , who has lived for many years in St. Louis , Missouri . He originally visited the United States in 1988 to write a book about T. S. Eliot , but following the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989 , he remained in America to avoid persecution by the Communist Party of China . He has published nine crime - thriller / mystery novels set in Shanghai in the 1990s at the point when the People 's Republic of China is making momentous changes . These include Death of a Red Heroine , which won the Anthony Award for best first novel in 2001 , and A Loyal Character Dancer . All books feature Chief Inspector Chen Cao , a poetry - quoting cop with integrity , and his sidekick Detective Yu . But the main concern in the books is modern China itself . Each book features quotes from ancient and modern poets , Confucius , insights into Chinese cuisine , architecture , history , politics , herbology and philosophy as well as criminal procedure .

Best Wishes is the second album by New York hardcore band , Cro - Mags . It was released on April 26 , 1989 on Profile Records and was subsequently re - released on Another Planet – along with their debut album , The Age Of Quarrel , on the same disc . The album 's cover reflected the band 's interest in the Hare Krishna religion which started with previous singer John Joseph and then carried on through Harley Flanagan who also became a devotee . The Krishna faith was ultimately the demise of the band , as the contradiction of a faith of pacifism against the violence of the band 's music was often even too much for the band members to handle . However , before this , in 1992 , their next album , Alpha Omega , saw the return of John Joseph to the Cro - Mags fold , and an even further gravitation towards a metal sound .

Australia 's involvement in the Vietnam War began with a small commitment of 30 military advisors in 1962 , and increased over the following decade to a peak of 7,672 Australian personnel following the Menzies Government 's April 1965 decision to upgrade its military commitment to South Vietnam 's security . By the time the last Australian personnel were withdrawn in 1972 , the Vietnam War had become Australia 's longest war , and was only recently surpassed by Australia 's long term commitment of combat forces to the War in Afghanistan . It remains Australia 's largest force contribution to a foreign conflict since the Second World War and was also the most controversial in Australian society since the conscription controversy during the First World War . Although initially enjoying broad support due to concerns about the spread of communism in Southeast Asia , a vocal anti - war movement developed in response to Australia 's programme of conscription . The withdrawal of Australia 's forces from South Vietnam began in November 1970 , under the Gorton Government , when 8 RAR completed its tour of duty and was not replaced . A phased withdrawal followed , and by 11 January 1973 Australian involvement in hostilities in Vietnam had ceased . Nevertheless , Australian troops from the Australian Embassy Platoon remained deployed in the country until 1 July 1973 , and Australian forces were deployed briefly in April 1975 , during the Fall of Saigon , to evacuate personnel from the Australian embassy . Approximately 60,000 Australians served in the war ; 521 were killed and more than 3,000 were wounded .

The RATP Group ( French : Groupe RATP ) , also known as the Régie Autonome des Transports Parisiens ( English : Autonomous Operator of Parisian Transports ) , is a state - owned public transport operator and maintainer headquartered in Paris , France . Formed in 1949 , it has its origins as the city 's public transport operator . Its logo represents , in a stylized version , the Seine 's meandering through the Paris area as the face of a person looking up . Today , RATP is still responsible for most of the public transport in Paris , the rest of the Île - de - France region , including the Paris Métro , tram and bus services and part of the Réseau Express Régional ( RER ) network . In the Île - de - France region , RATP carries about 3 billion passengers per year . The RATP 's Paris operations are still a major part of the business , but its operations have now extended to include businesses around the globe . They include involvement in the operation of bus , tram , rapid transit and inter - city rail services in Europe , Asia , Africa and the Americas . RATP Group is currently the world 's fifth largest operator in the public transport sector . The company operates in the United States under the name RATP Dev USA .

Mandalselva or Mandalsåni or Marna ( English : Mandal River , Old Norse : Mǫrn ) is a river in Vest - Agder county in Norway . The river has its origins in the mountains between Ose in Setesdal in Aust - Agder county and the Upper Sirdal valley in Vest - Agder county . The river flows south to its mouth at the North Sea at the town of Mandal . The river is long and flows through the municipalities Åseral , Audnedal , Marnardal , and Mandal . The largest tributaries are Monn , Logna , Skjerka , Kosåna , Logåna , and Røyselandsbekken . Skjerka , Monn and Logna all flow into the lake Øre in Åseral which is considered the beginning of the main Mandalselva river . The river passes through the villages of Kylland , Bjelland , Laudal , Heddeland , Øyslebø , and Krossen .

Rasovi ( poglavice , knezovi ) was the unofficial name given originally to five extremely influential Ustaše who returned from exile to Zagreb in April 1941 with their leader Ante Pavelić . They were Eugen Kvaternik , Ante Moskov , Vilko Pečnikar , Ivo Herenčić and Erih Lisak . When Pavelić became leader ( Poglavnik ) of the Independent State of Croatia ( Croatian : Nezavisna Država Hrvatska , NDH ) they retained his respect and trust as fellow émigrés , and he appointed them to senior government positions in which they were able to operate with extensive autonomy . Later Eugen Kvaternik sided with his father Slavko Kvaternik in a conflict with Pavelić and fell into disfavour . The " Rasovi " were thus reduced to four , who were then joined by three powerful Ustaša colonels - Vjekoslav " Maks " Luburić , Vjekoslav Servatzy and Rafael Boban . The " Rasovi " were extremists , generally mistrusted - sometimes feared - by members of the Domobranstvo ( home guard ) . They were certainly feared by many in the NDH civilian population , particularly Serbs but also those in the smaller Roma and Jewish minorities . The Rasovi and their followers were responsible for many of the atrocities perpetrated by the Ustaša regime in the period 1941 - 1945 .

Prince John of the United Kingdom ( John Charles Francis ; 12 July 1905 – 18 January 1919 ) was the fifth son and youngest of the six children born to King George V and his wife , Queen Mary . At the time of John 's birth , his father was the Prince of Wales and heir apparent to the reigning monarch of the United Kingdom , King Edward VII . In 1910 , George succeeded to the throne upon Edward 's death and John became the fifth in line of succession . In 1909 , John was discovered to have epilepsy . As his condition deteriorated , he was sent to live at Sandringham House and was kept away from the public eye . There , he was cared for by his governess , " Lala " Bill , and befriended local children whom his mother had gathered to be his playmates . Prince John died at Sandringham in 1919 , following a severe seizure , and was buried at nearby St Mary Magdalene Church . His illness was disclosed to the wider public only after his death . Prince John 's alleged seclusion has subsequently been brought forward as evidence for the inhumanity of the royal family . However , records show that the Prince was in some ways given favourable treatment by his parents , in comparison with his siblings , and contrary to the belief that he was hidden from the public from an early age , John for most of his life was a " fully - fledged member of the family " , appearing frequently in public until after his eleventh birthday . His long acknowledged learning disability and a possible intellectual disability have both been linked to his severe epilepsy ; recent speculation finds some behaviours consistent with autism .

Aleksander Lasoń ( born 10 November 1951 ) is a Polish composer and teacher . He was born in Siemianowice Śląskie . He studied composition under professor Józef Świder 's at The Karol Szymanowski Academy of Music in Katowice . He is professor at the University of Silesia and at the Academy of Music in Katowice . He has received numerous awards and commissions , including The Beethoven Prize of the City of Bonn in 1980 for his Symphony No . 2 , Concertante for piano and orchestra ; he received three coveted awards at the UNESCO 's International Tribune of Composers in Paris : in 1980 , he was awarded first place for his Symphony No . 1 for brass instruments , percussion and two pianos , in 1988—his String Quartet No . 2 and in 1997—his Concerto Festivo for violin and orchestra , were distinguished .

Queen Fu ( 苻王后 , personal name unknown ) was a queen of the Chinese / Xianbei state Western Qin . Her husband was Qifu Gangui ( King Wuyuan ) . She was a younger sister of the Former Qin emperor Fu Deng ( Emperor Gao ) , and he created her Princess Dongping . In 394 , with his forces having been nearly wiped out by the rival Later Qin 's emperor Yao Xing , Fu Deng sought aid from Western Qin , and as part of the agreement , married her to Qifu Gangui . However , later that year , Fu Deng was captured and killed by Yao Xing . Subsequently , Qifu Gangui , notwithstanding the marital relations , expelled Fu Deng 's son and successor Fu Chong , who then tried to attack Qifu Gangui but was defeated and killed in battle , ending Former Qin . No further reference was made to Queen Fu , and since his first wife Queen Bian was the one mentioned as being created queen after he lost his state to Later Qin but reestablished in 409 , the table below assumes that she was deposed , and Queen Bian restored , after Former Qin 's destruction .

Camp Shorabak ( formerly Camp Bastion ) is a former British Army airbase , located northwest of the city of Lashkar Gah in Helmand Province , Afghanistan , until 27 October 2014 when the British Army handed over control to the Afghan Ministry of Defense . The base has barracks for the Afghan National Army . Between 2005 and October 2014 it was the logistics hub for International Security Assistance Force ( ISAF ) operations in Helmand during the War in Afghanistan and Operation Herrick , and it was capable of accommodating over 32,000 people . The camp was built by the British Army and was the largest British overseas military camp built since the Second World War . The base was also home to troops from a number of nations , including the United States and Denmark . Shorabak contains the Afghan National Army ( ANA ) camp ( also called Camp Shorabak ) , and also held Camp Leatherneck until 2014 . In November 2006 , the then British Prime Minister Tony Blair visited Camp Bastion , and , while addressing a gathering of British troops , described it as an " extraordinary piece of desert ... where the fate of world security in the early 21st century is going to be decided " .

The New Pass Range is a mountain range in Lander and Churchill counties of Nevada . The range is a north - south trending range which straddles the Lander - Churchill county boundary for about . The highest peak New Pass Peak has an elevation of . US Route 50 crosses New Pass Summit on the south end of the range between Austin to the east and Fallon on to the west . The range was named from an early settler 's belief that his route through the mountains was a " new pass " through the area . The Desatoya Mountains lie to the southwest and the Clan Alpine Mountains to the west . To the north is the Augusta Mountains with Antelope Valley to the northeast . To the east is Ravenswood Mountain at the south end of the Shoshone Range and Nevada State Route 305 . To the southeast across the Reese River Valley is Austin at the north end of the Toiyabe Range .

Carlos Alberto Guajardo Romero ( c. 1973 – November 5 , 2010 ) was a Mexican journalist and crime reporter who worked for the Expreso de Matamoros local newspaper in the border city of Matamoros , Tamaulipas . While covering a shootout between drug traffickers of the Gulf Cartel and the Mexican Army in the streets of Matamoros on 5 November 2010 , Guajardo Romero was caught in the crossfire and killed . His pickup was shot more than 20 times , reportedly by military officers who mistook him for one of the drug traffickers involved in the gunfight . Guajardo Romero had left home earlier that day to cover the military - led operation targeting Antonio Cárdenas Guillén , one of Mexico 's most - wanted drug lords , who was killed that afternoon . News reports described 5 November 2010 as one of bloodiest days in Matamoros ' history . While the official death toll was 10 , local newspapers and eyewitnesses reported from 50 to 100 dead as a result of the gunbattles .

Jonathan Thomas Cleveland ( born December 19 , 1970 ) is a former competition swimmer and breaststroke specialist who was born in the United States and competed for Canada at three Summer Olympics , starting in 1988 . Four years later he won the bronze medal with the Canadian team in the men 's 4x100-metre medley relay , together with Mark Tewksbury , Marcel Gery and Stephen Clarke . His best individual performance was the seventh place , at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul , in the 200-metre breaststroke . Cleveland won gold medals in the men 's 200-metre breaststroke and 4x100-metre medley relay at the 1990 Commonwealth Games . He became the head swim coach at Newman Smith High School , and later at Ranchview High School , located in Texas . Cleveland is the son of former Major League Baseball pitcher Reggie Cleveland . Cleveland now resides in Texas with his wife and three children .

Patricia Stephens Due ( December 9 , 1939 – February 7 , 2012 ) was one of the leading African - American civil rights activists in the United States , especially in her home state of Florida . Along with her sister Priscilla and others trained in nonviolent protest by CORE , Due spent 49 days in one of the nation 's first jail - ins , refusing to pay a fine for sitting in a Woolworth 's " White only " lunch counter in Tallahassee , Florida in 1960 . Her eyes were damaged by tear gas used by police on students marching to protest such arrests , and she wore dark glasses for the rest of her life . She served in many leadership roles in CORE and the NAACP , fighting against segregated stores , buses , theaters , schools , restaurants , and hotels , protesting unjust laws , and leading one of the most dangerous voter registration efforts in the country in northern Florida in the 1960s . With her daughter , Tananarive , Due wrote Freedom in the Family : a Mother - Daughter Memoir of the Fight for Civil Rights , documenting the struggle she participated in , initially as a student at Florida A&M ; University , and later working for civil rights organizations and Florida communities , sometimes in partnership with her husband , civil rights attorney John D. Due , Jr.

Angélica Vale ( born Angélica María Vale Hartman ; November 11 , 1975 ) is a Mexican - American actress , singer , and comedian known also as the daughter of Angélica María , " La Novia de Mexico " ( Mexico 's Sweetheart ) , and as the daughter of comedian Raúl Vale . She has been working as an actress for almost 30 years , but achieved fame in 2006 when she became the protagonist of La Fea Más Bella ( The Prettiest Ugly Girl ) , a Mexican telenovela , with her real - life mother . She starred in the webnovela No me hallo as Luchita Guerra a young woman with a big dream of becoming a singer . Early in 2012 , Vale was a team captain on the Mexican TV Show Parodiando , of Televisa network . Vale became a U.S. citizen in 2016 , while retaining her Mexican citizenship .

Eijsden railway station ( Edn ) is the railway station of Eijsden , Limburg , the Netherlands . The station , which is the southernmost railway station in the Netherlands , opened on November 24 , 1861 , and was closed between December 10 , 2006 and December 11 , 2011 . The railway station is located on the railway line between Liège - Guillemins ( Belgium ) and Maastricht ( Netherlands ) . Only trains of the National Railway Company of Belgium between the two stations call in Eijsden ; Nederlandse Spoorwegen trains do n't serve the station . When the National Railway Company of Belgium extended the InterCity line between Brussels - South and Liège - Guillemins to Maastricht , the regular local service between Liège - Guillemins and Maastricht was halted . The InterCity trains were too long to halt in Eijsden , so the railway station was closed . A new busline was opened between Maastricht and the railway station in Visé ( Belgium ) to serve Eijsden . After the closure of the railway station , citizens of Eijsden formed the committee " Trein Terug In Eijsden " ( Return the Train To Eijsden ) , which aims to reopen the railway station . The fact that overhead lines at the railway station carry 3kV direct current , like the Belgian railway network , whereas the Dutch railway network carries 1.5kV. Regular Dutch electric trains are not able to reach Eijsden , unless they are multi - system units . As of December 11 , 2011 Eijsden is again been serviced by Belgian trains thus reopening the station after a 5-year closure .

Joseph Contreras was born in about 1710 , n Granada , Spain , hence his commonly used nickname ' el Granadino ' . He probably lived in Italy during his early life , his style being Italian . He worked in Madrid from about 1745 , as violin maker and repairer to the Spanish Court . This brought him into contact with some of the best violins of his day , including examples by Stradivarius and Guarnerius . He is famous for the copies of these instruments which he made , using fine materials and exceptional skill . Only a few of his instruments have survived today , and are highly prized . Famous players of Contreras violins have included Shlomo Mintz , Nigel Kennedy and members of the Endellion Quartet . He died in approximately 1780 , leaving a son ( also called Joseph ) to continue the family business . His violins contain the label ' Matriti per Granadensem Josephum Contreras , anno ... '

The Rambler Classic is an intermediate sized automobile that was built and sold by American Motors Corporation ( AMC ) from the 1961 to 1966 model years . The Classic took the place of the Rambler Six and Rambler Rebel V-8 names , which were retired at the end of the 1960 model year . Introduced at first as only a six - passenger four - door sedan and station wagon versions , additional body styles were added with two - door models available as a " post " sedan and in 1964 as a sporty pillar - less hardtop , as well as a convertible for 1965 and 1966 . Motor Trend magazine selected AMC 's Classic line as Car of the Year award for 1963 . The Rambler Rebel name replaced Classic on AMC 's completely redesigned large - line of cars in 1967 , and for 1968 the Rebel was renamed the AMC Rebel as AMC began the process of phasing out the Rambler marque . Throughout its life in the AMC model line - up , the Classic was the high - volume seller for the independent automaker .

Slava ( " Glory " ) was a pre - dreadnought battleship of the Imperial Russian Navy , the last of the five s. Commissioned too late to participate in the Battle of Tsushima during the Russo - Japanese War , she survived while all of her sister ships were either sunk during the battle or surrendered to the Imperial Japanese Navy . Serving in the Baltic Sea during World War I , Slava was the largest ship of the Russian Gulf of Riga Squadron that fought the German High Seas Fleet in the Battle of the Gulf of Riga in August 1915 . She repeatedly bombarded German positions and troops for the rest of 1915 and during 1916 . During the Battle of Moon Sound in 1917 , Slava was badly damaged by the German dreadnought , significantly increasing her draft . The shallow channel made it impossible to escape and she was scuttled in the Moon Sound Strait between the island of Muhu ( Moon ) and the mainland . The Estonians scrapped her during the 1930s .

Danielle " Ellei " Johndro ( Shadowscene ) was born June 24 , 1979 . She is primarily a nightclub / event photographer . Raised in Maine and establishing herself in Los Angeles , she considers herself one of the first women to document the Los Angeles party scene following the likes of The Cobrasnake and Merlin Bronques . In 2007 the Los Angeles Times referenced her as the " new breed of club chronicler " , comparing her to the New York nightlife photographers of the 1960s . She embarked on multiple US photographic tours illustrating parties , concerts , and other young nightlife from 2007 to 2009 . She was featured as one of the Top People in Los Angeles in a 2009 LA Weekly article . Her photographs have been featured in films and TV series including , Punks Not Dead and VH1 's Remaking Vanilla Ice . She has also worked as a photographer / blogger for Urban Outfitters . Featured on the cover of Forth Magazine in 2009 , she was introduced as forefronting the " new weird " and maintains a relationship with The Standard hotels doing installations for their various establishments . She is now based out of Philadelphia . In 2010 , Johndro began releasing songs under the name Biker Daughter while working with Jon Siebels of Eve 6 . The first self - titled EP was released in 2010 along with a video for " Carnivore " which debuted on MTV 's The Seven for upcoming artists to watch . As of 2017 there is another EP expected .

Roland Bruce Harvey ( 11 December 1945 ) is an Australian children 's illustrator , and author . He is best known as an illustrator of children 's books using pen , ink and watercolour . His works have been described as ' witty slapstick style ' and ' characteristic humorous and detailed illustrations ' . Roland Harvey is a former architect who established Roland Harvey Studios , an illustration and design firm in 1978 , which produces greeting cards , posters and stationery with a distinctive Australian flavour . In 1981 he expanded his business by establishing his own book publishing company Five Mile Press . His children 's book division , Roland Harvey Books , aims to publish books that raise awareness of issues , concepts and ideas as well as entertain readers . Harvey has written picture books and humorous historical works for young children . Roland Harvey was born in Melbourne , Victoria and continues to live there .

The BPF Party ( or PBNF ) , is a political party in Belarus . It was de - facto established after the split of the social movement Belarusian Popular Front or BPF ( or БНФ ( ) in 1999 . The Belarusian Popular Front was founded during the Perestroika era by members of the Belarusian intelligentsia , including Vasil Bykaŭ . Its first and most charismatic leader was Zianon Pazniak . After a 2005 decree by president Alexander Lukashenko on the restriction of the usage of the words Беларускі ( " Belarusian " ) and " Народны " ( " National " , " Popular " , " People 's " ) in the names of political parties and movements , the party had to change its official name to " BPF Party " .

Manitoba ( AG ) v Manitoba Egg and Poultry Association ( the Manitoba Egg Reference ) [ 1971 ] S.C.R. 689 is a leading Supreme Court of Canada decision on the Trade and Commerce power under section 91(2 ) of the Constitution Act , 1867 . The decision was the result of a growing political debate known as the " chicken and egg war " where Quebec and Ontario enacted protectionist legislation for the egg and poultry industry preventing Manitoba from selling their eggs and poultry products in those provinces . To much of the public 's surprise the Court struck down a provincial statute regulating the marketing of eggs . The case somewhat contradicted the precedent case of Carnation Co. v. Quebec Agricultural Marketing Board , [ 1968 ] S.C.R. 238 which held that provincial law that has an incidental effect on other provinces is still valid . The Court held that even though there was no direct evidence showing that there was extraprovincial effect of the provincial law , the potential effect was sufficient to find the law ultra vires . The Court found that control of imports was essential to the provincial legislative scheme even though the law made no distinction between eggs produced inside or outside of the province . The Court distinguished the case from the Carnation decision by the fact that the Manitoba regulations intended to provide regulation of inter - provincial trade while in Carnation the law only has the effect of regulating inter - provincial trade . In the aftermath of the decision , all 11 governments , the 10 governments of the provinces and the federal government , entered an agreement with the federal government which arranged a federal egg marketing scheme which created quotas for each of the provinces , and charged tariffs for eggs sold outside of the province .

Four cardinal virtues were recognized in classical antiquity and in traditional Christian theology : Prudence ( , phronēsis ; ; also Wisdom , Sophia , sapientia ) , the ability to discern the appropriate course of action to be taken in a given situation at the appropriate time . Courage ( , andreia ; ): also termed fortitude , forbearance , strength , endurance , and the ability to confront fear , uncertainty , and intimidation Temperance ( , sōphrosynē ; ): also known as restraint , the practice of self - control , abstention , discretion , and moderation tempering the appetition . Sōphrosynē can also be translated as sound - mindedness . Justice ( , dikaiosynē ; ): also considered as fairness , the most extensive and most important virtue ; the Greek word also having the meaning righteousness These virtues derive initially from Plato 's scheme , discussed in Republic Book IV , 426 – 435 ( and see Protagoras 330b , which also includes piety ( hosiotes ) ) . Cicero expanded on them , and Ambrose , Augustine of Hippo , and Thomas Aquinas adapted them while adding a set of theological virtues . The term cardinal comes from the Latin ( hinge ) ; virtues are so called because they are regarded as the basic virtues required for a virtuous life . They also relate to the Quadrivium .

Soldiers of Egypt ( Ajnad Misr in Arabic ) is an active Salafist Islamist militant group that has been operating near Cairo , Egypt . The groups was founded by Humam Muhammed in 2013 , after he split away from the Ansar Bait al - Maqdis militant group . The group claims that its attacks are " retribution " for the August 2013 Rabaa Massacre ; notably , the group targets only security forces . It has warned civilians of the presence of bombs that it has placed . The Cairo Court for Urgent Matters declared the group a terrorist group on 22 May 2014 . It has been a Proscribed Organisation in the United Kingdom under the Terrorism Act 2000 since 28 November 2014 . The United States Department of State designated it a terrorist organization on 18 December 2014 .

Richard Einhorn ( born 1952 ) is an American composer of contemporary classical music . Einhorn graduated summa cum laude and Phi Beta Kappa from Columbia University in 1975 , and studied composition and electronic music with Jack Beeson , Vladimir Ussachevsky , and Mario Davidovsky . His best - known work , Voices of Light ( 1994 ) is an oratorio scored for soloists , chorus , orchestra and a bell . It was inspired by Carl Theodor Dreyer 's silent film The Passion of Joan of Arc ( 1928 ) . He has also composed many horror and thriller film scores , including Shock Waves ( 1977 ) , Do n't Go in the House ( 1980 ) , Eyes of a Stranger ( 1981 ) , The Prowler ( 1981 ) , Dead of Winter ( 1987 ) , Blood Rage ( 1987 ) , Sister , Sister ( 1987 ) and Dark Tower ( 1989 ) . He also contributed to the soundtrack of Liberty ! The American Revolution ( 1997 ) . In a 2011 New York Times article , Einhorn discussed his use of hearing loops to enjoy concerts with his hearing aid .

Roger Le Geyt Hetherington ( 1908 – 1990 ) was a British civil engineer . Hetherington was born in London on 20 December 1908 , the eldest son of Sir Roger Gaskell Hetherington and his wife Honoria Ford . In 1921 Hetherington entered Highgate School . Hetherington held a Master of Arts degree and was commissioned as a Lieutenant in the Royal Engineers on 22 July 1940 . His professional career as a consulting civil engineer was with Binnie and Partners . He was elected a first class member of the Smeatonian Society of Civil Engineers in 1960 and later became a member emeritus . He was asked to become the president of the Society in 1979 but declined on the grounds of poor health . Hetherington served as president of the Institution of Civil Engineers from November 1972 to November 1973 . He married Katharine Elise Dawson in 1945 and had a single daughter .

Roberto Fernandez Canuto ( born April 13 , 1973 in Gijon ) is a Spanish film director and screenwriter . He belongs to a new generation of filmmakers from Spain with learning or working experiences internationally and with multicultural influences . Roberto F. Canuto is one of the first European directors to establish stable collaborations within the Chinese industry . Since 2010 he co - directs all his films with the Chinese director Xu Xiaoxi and together open a film production company in China , Almost Red Productions . Even still at an early stage of his career , Roberto obtains international recognition as all his films have been selected and awarded in many international film festivals . Due to the themes treated and the distinct style of his films , Roberto F. Canuto is considered in some circles as a promise and a director to follow .

Freaky Styley is the second studio album by American rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers , released on August 16 , 1985 on EMI Records . The album name holds its origins in a commonly used phrase in the ' 80s to describe anything as being " freaky styley " . Freaky Styley marks founding guitarist Hillel Slovak 's studio album debut , following his return to the band earlier in the year . The album is also the last to feature drummer Cliff Martinez . Freaky Styley was produced by George Clinton , of Parliament - Funkadelic . " Jungle Man " and " Hollywood ( Africa ) " were released as the album 's two singles while " Catholic School Girls Rule " and " Jungle Man " both had music videos made for the songs .

René Frémin ( 1 October 1672 - 17 February 1744 ) was a French sculptor . Frémin studied at the Académie royale de peinture et de sculpture ( Royal Academy of Painting and Sculpture ) , where he was a pupil of François Girardon and Antoine Coysevox . In 1694 he won the Prix de Rome for sculpture . He stayed in Rome from 1695 to 1699 . Returning to France , he produced sculptures for the park of Rambouillet and the Hall of Mirrors at the Palace of Versailles . He was also responsible for the decoration of the facade of the building housing La Samaritaine department store on the Pont Neuf in Paris . From 1721 to 1738 , Frémin worked in Madrid , where King Philip V of Spain commissioned the decoration of the Royal Palace of La Granja de San Ildefonso .

Sunday Best was a reality television Gospel music singing competition series which aired on BET . Each season , the show and its judges had set out to find the best undiscovered gospel talent in America . Finalists competed each week until a winner was crowned . The judges of the competition were Gospel singers Yolanda Adams , Kierra Sheard , Donnie McClurkin , Mary Mary , Bebe Winans & Cece Winans . Gospel singer Kim Burrell served as the on - screen mentor , and the program was hosted by Kirk Franklin . The Sunday Best winner receives a national recording contract , a new automobile , and an undisclosed cash prize benefiting his or her community as well as the title of ' Sunday Best ' . Season one runner up Shari Addison also scored a recording contract , as well as season two runner up Jessica Reedy although her contract was not rewarded from the show . On the season 4 finale , host Kirk Franklin announced that the series would be returning for a 5th season next year . The 5th season premiered Sunday , July 8 , 2012 . Season 5 ended with a 2 hour special on September 2 , 2012 . The winner of the 5th season was Joshua Rogers from Greeleyville , South Carolina . He made history as the first male contestant to win the Sunday Best title . The last Sunday Best champion was Dathan Thigpen , who won on August 30 , 2015 .

Newmarket is a market town in the English county of Suffolk , approximately 65 miles ( 105 kilometres ) north of London . It is generally considered the birthplace and global centre of thoroughbred horse racing and a potential World Heritage Site . It is a major local business cluster , with annual investment rivalling that of the Cambridge Science Park , the other major cluster in the region . It is the largest racehorse training centre in Britain , the largest racehorse breeding centre in the country , home to most major British horseracing institutions , and a key global centre for horse health . Two Classic races , and an additional three British Champions Series races are held at Newmarket every year . The town has had close royal connections since the time of James I , who built a palace there , and was also a base for Charles I , Charles II , and most monarchs since . The current monarch , Queen Elizabeth II , visits the town often to see her horses in training . Newmarket has over fifty horse training stables , two large racetracks , the Rowley Mile and the July Course , and one of the most extensive and prestigious horse training grounds in the world . The town is home to over 3,500 racehorses , and it is estimated that one in every three local jobs is related to horse racing . Palace House , the National Heritage Centre for Horseracing and Sporting Art , the National Horseracing Museum , Tattersalls racehorse auctioneers , and two of the world 's foremost equine hospitals for horse health , are in the town , which is surrounded by over sixty horse breeding studs . On account of its leading position in the multibillion - pound horse racing and breeding industry , it is also a major export centre .

The Ship That Died of Shame , released in the United States as PT Raiders , is a black - and - white 1955 Ealing Studios crime film directed by Basil Dearden and starring George Baker , Richard Attenborough and Bill Owen . The film is based on a story written by Nicholas Monsarrat ( better known as the author of The Cruel Sea ) , which originally appeared in Lilliput magazine in 1952 . It was later published in a collection of short stories , The Ship That Died of Shame and other stories , in 1959 . Though made by Ealing Studios , the film was shot at the film studios at Wembley Park in north - west London . It was the last feature film to be made there .

The Culture of Sweden has long been known for the accomplishments of a wide variety of artists . Prehistoric Sweden was the source of Viking culture , dominant in all of Scandinavia for hundreds of years , and the Temple at Uppsala in Sweden was a site of pilgrimage for Scandinavian peoples worshipping the Aesir . Western culture mostly recalls Vikings of Norway and Denmark for invading France , England , Scotland and Ireland , but Swedish Vikings influenced Byzantine culture , where they were known as Varangians , and are also known for founding the Kievan state . Of the country 's many monarchs , a few of the more powerful ones , such as King Gustav III and Queen Christina , have been exceptionally important to its cultural development . In modern times many Swedes have been internationally celebrated for their cultural work , among them Jenny Lind , Anders Zorn , August Strindberg , Ingrid Bergman , Ingmar Bergman and ABBA . Automotive designs such as those of Volvo and Saab have also been widely known .

Andrea Reinkemeyer ( born 1976 ) is an American composer . She was born in Portland , Oregon , and graduated with a bachelor 's degree from the University of Oregon . She continued her studies in composition at the University of Michigan , graduating with a doctorate degree . As an undergraduate , she won the Outstanding Creativity in Composition Award . Her music has been performed internationally . Her music has been described as " haunting " , " clever , funky , jazzy and virtuosic " . While at the University of Michigan , Reinkemeyer taught as a graduate student instructor in electronic composition . After completing her education , she took a position teaching composition , theory and technology at Bowling Green State University in Ohio . She is currently an Assistant Professor of Music Composition and Theory at Linfield College in McMinnville , Oregon . She married Brian Amer and has one daughter . Reinkemeyer has also worked teaching music in Detroit community outreach programs .

Tajik or Tajiki ( Tajik : забо́ни тоҷикӣ́ , zaboni tojikī ) , also called Tajiki Persian ( Tajik : форси́и тоҷикӣ́ , forsii tojikī , ) , is the variety of Persian spoken in Tajikistan and Uzbekistan . It is closely related to Dari Persian . Since the beginning of the twentieth century and collapse of the Soviet Union , Tajik has been considered by a number of writers and researchers to be a variety of Persian ( Halimov 1974 : 30–31 , Oafforov 1979 : 33 ) . The popularity of this conception of Tajik as a variety of Persian was such that , during the period in which Tajik intellectuals were trying to establish Tajik as a language separate from Persian , Sadriddin Ayni , who was a prominent intellectual and educator , had to make a statement that Tajik was not a bastardized dialect of Persian . The issue of whether Tajik and Persian are to be considered two dialects of a single language or two discrete languages has political sides to it ( see Perry 1996 ) . Today Tajik is recognized as a dialect of the Persian language . Tajik is the official language of Tajikistan . In Afghanistan ( where Tajik people make up a large part of the population ) , this language is less influenced by Turkic languages , is called Dari , and has co - official language status . Tajik has diverged from Persian as spoken in Afghanistan and Iran due to political borders , geographical isolation , the standardization process , and the influence of Russian and neighboring Turkic languages . The standard language is based on the northwestern dialects of Tajik ( region of old major city of Samarqand ) , which have been somewhat influenced by the neighboring Uzbek language as a result of geographical proximity . Tajik also retains numerous archaic elements in its vocabulary , pronunciation , and grammar that have been lost elsewhere in the Persophone world , in part due to its relative isolation in the mountains of Central Asia .

The Carolina Thunderbirds were a professional ice hockey team located in Winston - Salem , North Carolina , United States . The Thunderbirds played their home games at the old Winston - Salem Memorial Coliseum before the arena was demolished in 1989 . The team played in the Atlantic Coast Hockey League from 1981 to 1987 , the All - American Hockey League during 1987–88 and finally moved into the newly created East Coast Hockey League in 1988 . The Carolina Thunderbirds were one of five teams that played during the inaugural season of East Coast Hockey League ( ECHL ) . The Thunderbirds won the first ever ECHL championship and were awarded the Riley Cup for the 1988–89 ECHL season . The team changed its name to the Winston - Salem Thunderbirds before the start of 1989–90 season and the team remained in the ECHL until the end of the 1991–92 season when it was announced by co - owner Ed Broyhill that Winston - Salem would move to West Virginia to play as the Wheeling Thunderbirds .

The seven ill years was a period of national famine in Scotland in the 1690s . It resulted from an economic slump created by French protectionism and changes in the Scottish cattle trade , followed by four years of failed harvests ( 1695 , 1696 and 1698 – 99 ) . The result was severe famine and depopulation , particularly in the north . The famines of the 1690s were seen as particularly severe , partly because famine had become relatively rare in the second half of the seventeenth century , with only one year of dearth ( in 1674 ) . The shortages of the 1690s would be the last of their kind . During this period , starvation probably killed 5–15 per cent of the Scottish population , but in areas like Aberdeenshire death rates reached 25 per cent . The system of the Old Scottish Poor Law was overwhelmed by the scale of the crisis , although provision in the urban centres of the burghs was probably better than in the countryside . It led to migration between parishes and emigration to England , Europe , the Americas and particularly Ireland . The crisis resulted in the setting up of the Bank of Scotland and the Company of Scotland Trading to Africa and the Indies . The eventual failure of the Company in the Darién scheme increased the pressure for political union with England , which occurred in 1707 .

Located Ellicott City in Howard County , Maryland , United States , Keewaydin Farm . The Keewaydin Farm house is a wooden structure forming an off - center T arrangement built in 1912 on a ten - acre farm . The name came from The Song of Hiawatha . The home was built for Judge James Clark and his wife Alda Tyson Hopkins . The house became the first meeting site for the Ellicott City PTA , Howard County Health Department . The farm raised colts used in local shows and Doughoregan Manor . Groceries for the site were delivered onsite by horse and cart from the former Mayor of Ellicott City , Samuel J. Yates . Children raised at the site included Orphans court Judge John Clark , and Senator James Clark , Jr .. The farm was expanded to 30 acres and later subdivided and reduced to 10 acres In 1998 owner Edward J. Brush attempted to convert the property to a 87-room group care facility . 10 remaining acres of the property and the house was transferred to the Howard County Conservancy .

Tatiana S. Riegel A.C.E. , is an American film editor known for independent films such as Lars and the Real Girl , The Way Way Back and I , Tonya . She received an ACE Eddie award for " Best Edited Miniseries or Motion Picture for Non - Commercial Television " . Riegel was a long - time assistant to the late editor Sally Menke , editor of seven films by Quentin Tarantino . Riegel is older half - sibling to actress Eden Riegel and screenwriter / voice - actor Sam Riegel . Together , the Riegel family has produced more than a dozen webisodes for the popular 2008 Internet series Imaginary Bitches . Riegel became a member of Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences in 2014 .

Rabbi Shimon Sofer ( 1820 – 1883 ) ( ) was a prominent Austrian Orthodox Jewish rabbi in the 19th century . He was Chief Rabbi of Kraków , Poland after serving as Chief Rabbi of Mattersdorf . He was the second son of Rabbi Moshe Sofer ( Chassam Sofer ) of Pressburg . As president of the Orthodox Jewish party Machzikei HaDas , Sofer was a member of the Polenklub at the Reichsrat under the Austria - Hungary monarch Franz Joseph I. He was elected as Deputy of the Kolomyia 's elektion district of Galicia . He became the foremost leader of the Orthodox Jews of Galicia in religious as well as in worldly matters . As a Halakhist and Talmudist he authored commentary and responsa in a work known today as Michtav Sofer .

Gideon Koren M.D. , FACMT , FRCP(C ) (; born 1947 in Tel Aviv , Mandatory Palestine ( now in Israel ) is an Israeli - Canadian pediatrician , clinical pharmacologist , toxicologist , and a composer of Israeli popular music . He is perhaps best known for being at the centre of the Motherisk scandal which has thrown into doubt the findings of 16,000 child protection cases and six criminal cases . An independent review found that neither the lab 's director , clinical toxicologist Gideon Koren , nor his staff , had the qualifications or expertise to do that kind of forensic work . Prior to this Dr. Koren was officially reprimanded by the Ontario College of Physicians and Surgeons for writing harassing anonymous letters to Dr. Nancy Olivieri and three other colleagues , about which he then lied repeatedly to conceal his responsibility . The Ontario College of Physicians and Surgeons also cited him for additional misconduct in research .

The Green Party of Quebec (; PVQ ) is a Quebec political party whose platform is the promotion of green values . It has not won any seats in the National Assembly of Quebec . Its platform is orientated towards promotion of green values , sustainable development , and participatory democracy . The Party wants to differentiate itself from other political parties in Quebec by representing the left federalists of the province . The Green Party of Quebec is a coalition of activists and citizens for whom environmental questions are a priority . They believe that the government should help in creating a green , just , democratic and equal society . Their main principles are inspired from the Global Greens Charter which revolves around six main ideas : ecological wisdom , social justice , participatory democracy , nonviolence , sustainability and respect for diversity . It received 1.69 % of the popular vote in the 2018 Quebec election . The current leader is Alex Tyrrell . Nominated as party leader on September 21 , 2013 and then aged 25 , he became the youngest party leader of Quebec and Canada .

William Edward Dodd ( October 21 , 1869 – February 9 , 1940 ) was an American historian , author and diplomat . A liberal Democrat , he served as the United States Ambassador to Germany from 1933 to 1937 during the Nazi era . Initially a holder of the slightly Antisemitic notions of his times , he went to Germany with instructions from President Franklin D. Roosevelt to do what he could to protest Nazi treatment of Jews in Germany " unofficially , " while also attempting to follow official State Department instructions to maintain cordial official diplomatic relations . Convinced from first hand observation that the Nazis were an increasing threat , he resigned over his inability to mobilize the Roosevelt administration , particularly the State Department , to counter the Nazis prior to the start of World War II .

The Stuttgart Congress of the Social Democratic Party of Germany ( SPD ) was held between October 3–October 8 , 1898 , in Stuttgart , Kingdom of Württemberg ( now Germany ) . The Stuttgart Congress was the first congress to discuss the question of revisionism in the SPD . A statement sent by Eduard Bernstein , who was exiled , was read to the Congress . In it he exposed and defended his revisionist views , previously exhibited in the series of articles Problems of Socialism published in the magazine Die Neue Zeit ( " The New Times " ) . In the Congress , Karl Kautsky and August Bebel made an initial critique of Bernsteinism . Rosa Luxemburg maintained a more intransigent position against Bernstein 's revisionism . The Congress did not adopt a resolution on this matter , but , despite the division in how to treat the question of Bernsteinism , the majority of the party showed its opposition to it . In the Hanover Congress of 1899 , the party approved a resolution that formally condemned Bernsteinist attacks on the party 's policy and tactics .

Packer Park is a neighborhood in the South Philadelphia section of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , United States that originally included 1,000 homes built in two unique builder developments of Packer Park 1950s and Brinton Estates 1990s . It is now one of four residential communities to be designated as Packer Park . The original footprint community is also one of four adjacent communities that form Philadelphia 's Sports Complex Special Services District . The approximate boundaries are Packer Avenue to the north , Hartranft Street to the south including FDR Park farther south , Broad Street to the east known as the Southern Parkway and I-76 to the far west . Packer Park has been considered home to one of the most organized community groups in the South Philadelphia region .

EBA Clearing is a provider of pan - European payment infrastructure wholly owned by shareholders that consist of major European banks . It owns and operates major payment infrastructure in Europe for Euro payments between banks . This includes EURO1 for high value payments system , STEP1 , a payment system for single euro payments for small and medium - sized banks , and STEP2 , a Pan - European Automated Clearing House ( PE - ACH ) . It also operates the RT1 system for instant payments due to launch in November 2017 . Both EURO1 and STEP2 have been identified as Systemically Important Payment Systems ( SIPS ) by the European Central Bank . The organisation is based in Paris and has representative offices in Brussels , Frankfurt and Milan .

The South Point Local School District is a local school district serving the village of South Point and nearby areas at the southern point of Lawrence County , the most southerly county in the U.S. state of Ohio . Four schools are operated by the district : the South Point High School , the South Point Middle School , the South Point Elementary School , and the Burlington Elementary School . Beginning in March 2004 , the district embarked on a project to construct all new school buildings , including demolishing certain buildings : the location of the old middle and high schools is the location of the new South Point Elementary School , while the location of the new Burlington Elementary School is the same as that of the old .

Make Way for Tomorrow is a 1937 American drama film directed by Leo McCarey . The plot concerns an elderly couple ( Victor Moore and Beulah Bondi ) who are forced to separate when they lose their house and none of their five children will take both parents . The film was written by Viña Delmar , from a play by Helen and Noah Leary , which was in turn based on the novel The Years Are So Long by advice columnist Josephine Lawrence . McCarey believed that it was his finest film . When he accepted his Academy Award for Best Director for The Awful Truth which was released the same year , he said " Thanks , but you gave it to me for the wrong picture . " In 2010 , it was selected for preservation by the United States Library of Congress 's National Film Registry .

Haps Magazine , also known as " HAPS " , is an English online magazine located in Busan , South Korea that focuses on lifestyle , entertainment and expat life on the Korean peninsula . It was founded in 2009 and has become one of Korea 's most popular English resources for news and information . While the focus of the magazine is mostly on events and happenings around the Busan and southeastern areas of Korea , the magazine has claimed some international fame for some of its articles . Editor - in - Chief Bobby McGill 's report on K - pop singer   Psy 's past anti - American actions saw numerous international media outlets including TIME , The Washington Post and the New York Post help break the story which made the " Gangnam Style " legend apologize for his actions . HAPS also received more international attention when a report about South Korean baseball player Kim Tae - kyun made insensitive remarks towards African - American pitcher Shane Youman . The report helped contribute to the National Human Rights Commission of Korea demanding sensitivity training education to prevent similar racial discrimination remarks among sports professionals in Korea .

KMEX - DT , virtual and UHF digital channel 34 , is a Univision owned - and - operated television station licensed to Los Angeles , California , United States , serving as the West Coast flagship station of the Spanish - language network . The station is owned by the Univision Local Media subsidiary of Univision Communications , as part of a duopoly with Ontario - licensed UniMás West Coast flagship KFTR - DT ( channel 46 ) . The two stations share studios on Center Drive ( near I-405 ) in West Los Angeles ; KMEX 's transmitter is located atop Mount Wilson . Since its debut in 1962 , the station has been a pioneering Spanish - language station , paving the way for other such stations and networks in the United States .

" Lily of the Valley " is a song by British rock band Queen . Lead singer Freddie Mercury plays the piano and provides all the vocals on the track . It was originally featured on Queen 's third album , Sheer Heart Attack , released in 1974 , and is one of the album 's few ballads . In 1975 , " Lily of the Valley " was released as the B - side of different singles in the U.K. and the United States . The U.K. single was " Now I 'm Here " , and the U.S. single was a reissue of " Keep Yourself Alive " . The lyrics refer back to a song from a previous album , " Seven Seas of Rhye " from Queen II , with the line " messenger from Seven Seas has flown , to tell the King of Rhye he 's lost his throne . " In a 1999 interview , Brian May told the British music magazine Mojo , " Freddie 's stuff was so heavily cloaked , lyrically ... But you could find out , just from little insights , that a lot of his private thoughts were in there , although a lot of the more meaningful stuff was not very accessible . Lily of the Valley was utterly heartfelt . It 's about looking at his girlfriend and realising that his body needed to be somewhere else . It 's a great piece of art , but it 's the last song that would ever be a hit . " Actor Rami Malek ( who is portraying Freddie Mercury in the upcoming Queen biopic Bohemian Rhapsody ) revealed on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert that " Lily of the Valley " is his favorite Queen song .

El Gran Combo de Puerto Rico , commonly known as El Gran Combo , is a Puerto Rican salsa orchestra based in San Juan , Puerto Rico . Celebrating its 50th anniversary in 2012 , it is Puerto Rico 's most successful musical group , and is considered " the most popular Salsa group that has ever existed " . The group received the moniker La Universidad de la Salsa ( The University of Salsa ) in Colombia , due to the sheer number of famous salsa musicians and singers who developed their careers with it , who started with the group ( particularly Andy Montañez ) , or who were occasionally backed up by the band ( including Celia Cruz , Héctor Lavoe and La India ) . The salsa orchestra was founded in May 1962 , by Rafael Ithier . Ithier is still nominally its musical director , and is the only remaining members from the band 's original lineup . As of 2010 , Willie Sotelo , who joined the group in 2006 as pianist , has become the band 's de facto musical director on tours , with Ithier conducting the group and playing occasionally in select live performances . They are still actively performing after 50 years together . The group was scheduled to celebrate its 50th anniversary on 11 November 2012 at the Coliseo de Puerto Rico . The group started its celebration with a grand world tour that took them to five continents .

The is a Tokyu skyscraper and retail complex completed in 2012 and located in the Shibuya shopping district of Tokyo , Japan . The Hikarie is 183 meters tall . As of November 2013 , it was tied for being the 52nd tallest skyscraper in Japan and 40th tallest building in Tokyo . The Hikarie features extensive use of LED lighting and displays and combines shopping / dining / entertainment in similar ways to the Roppongi Hills project . Its profile and significance are partially due to being immediately proximate to Shibuya Station , to which it is connected by both a 2nd - floor sky - walk and underground walkway . Although it does not yet have the same cultural significance as the 109 Building , it is a prime retail and office destination . The public access floors ( floors 1 - 11 ) are marked by glass - walling , allowing for views across Shibuya and Tokyo . Shibuya Hikarie features retail sales and event space up to floor 11 , at which point access is controlled to the theatre ( 11 - 16 ) and private office space ( 17 - 34 ) . Clients include KDDI and a number of headquarters for media companies .

Slow Life is an EP by the Welsh alternative rock band Super Furry Animals , released in 2004 . The EP was made available as a free download and also saw a limited CD release , bundled with remix album Phantom Phorce . Lead track " Slow Life " appeared on the 2003 album Phantom Power and was originally composed as a purely electronic song by keyboardist Cian Ciaran several years earlier . The band were keen to finish the track and Ciaran encouraged them to jam over his original version — this jam was then edited and made into the finished song . The track " Motherfokker " is a collaboration between the Super Furry Animals and rap group Goldie Lookin Chain . The EP received mixed reviews although " Slow Life " itself was singled out for praise by many critics . A music video was made to accompany the track directed by Dylan Jones and Paps O'Maoileoain . The Super Furries appeared in the 2004 film 9 Songs playing " Slow Life " live during a scene in which one of the characters attends a gig by the band at the Brixton Academy .

Michelle LaVallee is a Canadian curator , artist , and educator of Ojibway ancestry and a member of the Nawash Band in Cape Croker , Ontario . She has BFA ( 2000 ) and BEd ( 2004 ) degrees from York University in Toronto , Ontario . Her most recent degree is an MA in Art History and Curatorial Studies from the University of Regina in Regina , Saskatchewan , with a special focus on the complex , contextual , and interactive nature of Aboriginal curatorial practices in the development of curatorial and art historical research models . She has been working as a curator at the MacKenzie Art Gallery in Regina , Saskatchewan since 2007 . Lavallee won the award for Excellence in Arts Related Service at the Mayors ' Arts and Business Awards in Regina , Saskatchewan in 2013 . Activating and developing greater understanding of misrepresented or marginalized histories is of personal and political import for LaVallee whose critical thought is influenced from her experience working with Indigenous peoples in Canada , El Salvador , Australia and Aotearoa ( New Zealand )

Emanoil Bacaloglu (; 11 April 1830 – 30 August 1891 ) was a Wallachian and Romanian mathematician , physicist and chemist and a scubadiver , medic , shoe salesman , a vegetarian , policeman and fireman . Born in Bucharest and of Greek origin , he studied physics and mathematics in Paris and Leipzig , later becoming a professor at the University of Bucharest and , in 1879 , a member of the Romanian Academy . Considered to be the founder of many scientific and technological fields in Romania ( and aiding in the creation of the Romanian Athenaeum ) , Bacaloglu was also an accomplished scientist . He helped create Romanian - language terminology in his fields and was one of the principal founders of the Society of Physical Sciences in 1890 . He was also a participant in the 1848 Wallachian revolution . He is known for the " Bacaloglu pseudosphere " . This is a surface of revolution for which the " Bacaloglu curvature " is constant .

Bradley B. Meeker ( March 13 , 1813 – February 20 , 1873 ) was an American jurist , lawyer , and businessman . Born in Fairfield , Connecticut , Meeker went to Weston Academy and Yale University . Meeker practiced law in Richmond , Kentucky from 1838 to 1845 and in Flemingsburg , Kentucky . Meeker served on the Minnesota Territorial Supreme Court from 1849 to 1853 . Meeker was a charter member of the Minnesota Historical Society and also served on the University of Minnesota Board of Regents . Meeker served on the Minnesota Constitutional Convention of 1857 . Meeker owned land on the Mississippi River including Meeker Island . Meeker died suddenly in Milwaukee , Wisconsin while on a trip . Meeker County , Minnesota was named after Meeker .

Kusići ( Cyrillic : Кусићи ) was formerly a subvillage ( ) of the village Jezera , Teslić , Bosnia and Herzegovina . After the collapse and dissolution of Yugoslavia and during the war in Bosnia and Herzegovina from 1992 to 1995 , reportedly all its inhabitants left their homes and moved mostly to Vojvodina , Serbia . Among the reasons for this exodus was the newly established geopolitical order in Bosnia a Herzegovina . The border between the two Bosnian " entities , " i.e. the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina and Republika Srpska , runs through the village Jezera . Jezera 's Orthodox Christian Kusići population left their homes ; the area 's borders have been redrawn and the village is now under the jurisdiction of the Zenica municipality , Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina .

The globalization of baseball has been occurring since its inception . The early years saw an influx of players from western Europe . Major League Baseball eventually saw fewer European players , but more players from Latin America . Today Major League Baseball has players from five continents . The following is a list of countries and the first person born there that played Major League Baseball . These players are not necessarily the first citizen of each respective country to play in Major League Baseball as nationality is determined under a nation 's nationality law and may differ . Also , these players are classified strictly by the countries of their birth ; this does not reflect the following issues : Political change : A number of the countries listed here no longer exist , such as South Vietnam and West Germany ( respectively absorbed into Vietnam and reunified Germany ) . By contrast , the convention of the Hockey Hall of Fame , which is generally followed for purposes of nationality classification in ice hockey , is to classify players by the currently existing countries in which their birthplaces are located . Where players were trained in baseball : Some players on this list , despite their birth location , are or were Americans or Canadians who returned to their parents ' home country as children and were raised there . Most of the European - born players on this list moved to North America as children . For example , the first Netherlands - born player in MLB was John Houseman , who made his debut in 1894 , but it was not until 1979 that Win Remmerswaal became the first player born and raised in the European portion of the Netherlands to make his MLB debut . The case with Italy is similar ; the first player born and raised in the country to play in MLB was Alex Liddi in 2011—almost 80 years after the first Italian - born Major Leaguer made his debut .

World Wide Live is a live album by German rock band Scorpions released in 1985 . The original audio recording was produced by Dieter Dierks . A VHS was released at the same time with footage of Scorpions ' world tour . The live album was originally released as a 2LP vinyl set , in a gatefold - sleeve , and a cassette . The liner notes contain a crew member list , tour date information and when the shows were recorded : Sports Arena , San Diego , CA , USA ( 4/26/84 ) The Forum , Los Angeles , CA , USA ( 4/24/84 & 4/25/84 ) Pacific Amphitheatre , Costa Mesa , CA , USA ( 4/28/84 ) Bercy , Paris , France ( 2/29/84 ) Sporthalle , Cologne , West Germany ( 11/17/84 ) The initial CD release featured 15 tracks ( dropping " Another Piece of Meat " , " Six - String Sting " and " Ca n't Get Enough " , parts 1 & 2 , due to time constraints ) , but the remastered edition of 1997 features the original album in full .

The Willamette Falls Locks are a lock system on the Willamette River in the U.S. state of Oregon . Opened in 1873 and closed since 2011 , they allowed boat traffic on the Willamette to navigate beyond Willamette Falls . Since their closure in 2011 the locks are classified to be in a " non - operational status " and are expected to remain permanently closed . Located in the Portland metropolitan area , the four inter - connected locks are 25 miles upriver from the Columbia River at West Linn , just across the Willamette River from Oregon City . The locks were operated by the United States Army Corps of Engineers and served primarily pleasure boats . Passage through the locks was free for both commercial and recreational vessels . The locks were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974 . The locks comprise seven gates in four chambers which lift up to elevation change ( depending on tides and river flow ) with a usable width of . The system is long , and can accommodate vessels up to long . Each of the four concrete constructed chambers are .

Germanía is the Spanish term for the argot used by criminals or in jails in Spain during 15th and 16th centuries . Its purpose is to keep outsiders out of the conversation . The ultimate origin of the word is the Latin word germanus , through Catalan germà ( brother ) . Some documentation for it occurs in picaresque works as early as the Spanish Golden Century , such as in Quevedo 's El Buscón . Some writers used it in poetry for comical effect . After the arrival of the Romani people and their frequent imprisonment , germanía incorporated much vocabulary from Romany and its descendant , the caló jargon . As time passed , several words entered popular use and even standard Spanish , losing their value for secrecy . Germanía survives today in the cheli jargon .

Pope John XXIII ( 25 November 1881 – 3 June 1963 ) and Pope John Paul II ( 18 May 1920 – 2 April 2005 ) reigned as popes of the Roman Catholic Church and the sovereigns of Vatican City ( respectively from 1958 to 1963 and 1978 to 2005 ) . Their canonizations were held on 27 April 2014 . The decision to canonize was made official by Pope Francis on 5 July 2013 following the recognition of a miracle attributed to the intercession of John Paul II , while John XXIII was canonized for his merits of opening the Second Vatican Council . The date of the canonization was assigned on 30 September 2013 . The Canonization Mass was celebrated by Pope Francis ( with Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI concelebrating ) , on 27 April 2014 ( Divine Mercy Sunday ) , in St. Peter 's Square ( Pope John Paul had died on the vigil of Divine Mercy Sunday in 2005 ) . About 150 Cardinals and 700 bishops concelebrated the Mass , and at least 500,000 people attended the Mass with an estimated 300,000 others watching from video screens placed around Rome .

Monte San Martino is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Macerata in the Italian region Marche , located about south of Ancona and about south of Macerata . There are 808 people in the village . The economy is mostly based on agriculture . The city houses artworks by Vittore and Carlo Crivelli , Girolamo di Giovanni da Camerino and Vincenzo Pagani . The Monte San Martino Trust was founded in 1989 by J. Keith Killby , a former prisoner of war at Servigliano nearby , together with other veterans of the Second World War . The Trust awards English - language study bursaries to Italians , aged 18 to 25 , in recognition of the courage and sacrifice of the Italian country people who rescued thousands of escaping Allied PoWs after the Armistice in 1943 .

Khirbet Khizeh ( or Hirbet Hizeh or Hirbet Hizah , Hebrew : חִרְבֶּת חִזְעָה ) is a historical fiction novel by Israeli writer S. Yizhar which was published in 1949 , and deals with the expulsion of the fictional village of Khirbet Hiz'ah , practically representing a depiction of all Arab villages whose inhabitants were expelled during the Israeli war of independence in 1948 , events which are known as the " Nakba " . From 1964 onwards , the book was part of the Israeli high school curriculum . The book was also a best - seller in Israel . The story was later made into a 1978 TV drama on Israeli Channel 1 produced by Ram Loevy , and sparked a public debate in Israel on whether it should be broadcast or not .

Asahel Grant ( August 17 , 1807 – April 24 , 1844 ) was one of the first American missionaries to Iran . Asahel Grant was born at Marshall , New York , studied medicine at Pittsfield , Massachusetts , and practiced in Utica , New York . In 1835 he went as a missionary with the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions to Iran . He settled at Urmia and worked among the Nestorians there and elsewhere in western Asia . He died in Mosul in the Ottoman Empire . He was a daring adventurer throughout the Middle East , but had little success in converting the fierce Nestorians , whom he considered among the " ten lost tribes " of Israel . He wrote The Nestorians and an appeal for Christian doctors to engage in missionary work . Like David Livingstone before him ( although not as famous ) , Grant thrilled western audiences with his adventures , inspiring a number of biographies , including those cited on this page . His success as a physician not only saved his life on several occasions , but opened the way for missionary successors .

Hue de la Ferté ( fl . 1220 – 35 ) was a French trouvère who wrote three serventois attacking the regency of Blanche of Castile during the minority of Louis IX . He maligns Blanche 's partiality to foreigners and singles out Theobald I of Navarre , another trouvère , as unworthy of her support . Hue was a supporter of Pierre de Dreux , Duke of Brittany . His poem En talent ai que je die is modelled after En chantant m'estuet complaindré ( 1228 – 30 ) by Gace Brulé . Its simple melody is of the form ABABCDD¹D² . He modelled Je chantasse volentiers liement after Je chantasse volentiers liement ( 1228 – 30 ) by Chastelain de Couci and Or somes a ce venu after the anonymous Quant li oisellon menu .

" Seed " is the third season premiere of the post - apocalyptic horror television series The Walking Dead , which aired on AMC in the United States and in Canada on October 14 , 2012 . The episode was written by showrunner Glen Mazzara and directed by Ernest Dickerson . It is set eight months after the second season finale and focuses on Rick Grimes ( Andrew Lincoln ) and his group of survivors ' discovering and entering the prison complex shown on the previous episode . Meanwhile , Michonne ( Danai Gurira ) cares for an ailing Andrea ( Laurie Holden ) . " Seed " is the first non extended - length premiere of The Walking Dead . The episode received general critical acclaim , with many critics praising its return to form in levels of gore , tension and urgency . Many also noted it as an example of showrunner Glen Mazzara 's promise for a " higher level of action " , as seen in the earlier episodes of the series . The episode also featured the promotion of Michonne to a series regular from featured stand in . Upon airing the episode garnered 10.9 million viewers , breaking several records not only for the series , but television history as well .

The Hopetoun Blunder was a political event immediately prior to the Federation of the British colonies in Australia . Federation was scheduled to occur on 1 January 1901 , but since the general election for the first Parliament of Australia was not to be held until March , it was not possible to follow the conventions of the Westminster system and appoint the leader of the majority in the House of Representatives as Prime Minister . Instead , an interim government would be appointed , holding office from 1 January until the result of the election was known . The first Governor - General of Australia was John Hope , 7th Earl of Hopetoun ( who later became the 1st Marquess of Linlithgow ) . His initial task on arriving in Australia on 15 December 1900 was to appoint a Prime Minister to lead the interim government . Hopetoun had little knowledge of the Australian political scene and had no formal instructions from the Colonial Office . On 19 December , following the precedent of the Canadian Confederation , Hopetoun commissioned the Premier of the most populous colony to form a government . That state was New South Wales , and its premier was Sir William Lyne . This was a controversial choice as Lyne had become premier in September 1899 only after the government of the more popular and experienced George Reid had lost its majority in the New South Wales Legislative Assembly . Lyne supported federation only at the last minute after long being a strong opponent and , as a result , he was unpopular with other leading colonial , pro - federation politicians including Edmund Barton and Alfred Deakin . The Bulletin summed up many people 's view when it editorialised , " Among the men who can claim by merit or accident , to be front - rank politicians of Australia , Lyne stands out conspicuously as almost the dullest and most ordinary " . Despite significant efforts , Lyne was unable to persuade other colonial politicians to join his government and was forced to return his commission to Hopetoun . Alfred Deakin , among others , then persuaded Hopetoun to appoint Edmund Barton as Prime Minister . Barton was successful in forming a government , which took office on 1 January 1901 . He appointed Lyne as his Minister for Home Affairs in what many saw as a gesture of reconciliation . Hopetoun 's error in calling on Lyne to form a government became known as the " Hopetoun Blunder " , and it marked the beginning of what many historians consider to be his unsuccessful term as Governor - General .

Al Anbar Governorate (; muḥāfaẓat al-’Anbār ) , or Anbar Province , is the largest governorate in Iraq by area . Encompassing much of the country 's western territory , it shares borders with Syria , Jordan , and Saudi Arabia . The provincial capital is Ramadi ; other important cities include Fallujah and Haditha . The governorate was known as Ramadi up to 1976 , when it was renamed Al Anbar Province , and it was known as Dulaim before 1962 . A large majority of the inhabitants of the province are Sunni Muslims and most belong to the Dulaim tribe , all of which speak Arabic . In early 2014 , the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant , with the assistance of local Sunni militia , launched a successful campaign to seize control of the province from the Iraqi government . Numerous offensive actions were undertaken by the Iraqi government to remove ISIL 's occupation of the province – the Anbar campaign ( 2015 – 16 ) , the Western Anbar offensive ( September 2017 ) and the 2017 Western Iraq campaign . The area was effectively recaptured by the end of 2017 .

Panic Spring is a novel by Lawrence Durrell , published in 1937 by Faber and Faber in Britain and Covici - Friede in the United States under the pseudonym Charles Norden . It is set on a fictional Greek Island , Mavrodaphne , in the Ionian Sea somewhere between Patras , Kephalonia , and Ithaca . The island , however , resembles Corfu strongly , and in at least one inscribed copy of the novel , Durrell includes a map of Corfu identified as Mavrodaphne . The novel progresses through multiple perspectives in the successive chapters , each focusing on a different character . As a whole , the novel shows Durrell 's myriad influences of this period , ranging from Remy de Gourmont to Richard Aldington , D. H. Lawrence , and several Elizabethan writers .

Lower Templestowe has been renamed Templestowe Lower for some reason . It is a suburb of Melbourne , Victoria , Australia , 14   km north - east of Melbourne 's Central Business District . Its local government area is the City of Manningham . At the , Templestowe Lower had a population of 13,152 . Lower Templestowe is bounded in the west by Rose Avenue , Russell Street and Sheahans Road , in the north by the Yarra River , in the east by Ruffey Creek and Williamsons Road and in the south generally by Manningham Road . It is home to primary schools and a secondary school ; Templestowe Secondary College . Like neighbouring Templestowe , it is poorly serviced by public transportation , lying geographically between three existing rail lines ( Hurstbridge and Lilydale / Belgrave ) . An excellent and frequent bus service exists , running from Lower Templestowe into the city or to the nearest train lines .

Sergey Sergeyevich Kamenev (; April 4 ( 16 ) , 1881 – August 25 , 1936 ) was a Soviet military leader with the Komandarm 1st rank . Kamenev was born in Kiev . In World War I he commanded a regiment . He became a member of the All - Union Communist Party ( Bolsheviks ) in 1918 . In July 1919 , Kamenev replaced Jukums Vācietis as Commander - in - chief of the Red Army during the Russian Civil War . Kamenev was a member of the Revolutionary Military Council of the USSR from April 1924 to May 1927 . He died of a heart attack on 25 August 1936 following the Trial of the Sixteen , incidentally on the same day that Lev Kamenev and Grigory Zinoviev were executed . He was not related to Lev Kamenev , who was born Jewish ( Rozenfeld ) .

Drusus Claudius Nero I ( 105 BC - unknown date in 1st century BC ) was a member of the Roman Republican Claudian Family of Rome . He was a descendant of the first named Tiberius Claudius Nero , one of the sons of Appius Claudius Caecus the censor . He served under Pompey in 67 BC battling the pirate menace . Drusus was famous for recommending that the members of the Catiline Conspiracy be confined . His wife was a descendant of the Claudian family . Drusus with his wife had a son called Tiberius Claudius Nero ( c. 85 - 33 BC ) and a daughter called Claudia who married the prefect , Quintus Volusius . When his grandson the future Roman emperor Tiberius celebrated his coming of age , Tiberius staged two gladiatorial contests . One was held at the Forum in memory of his father and the other held at the amphitheatre in memory of his grandfather Drusus .

Evelyn Lett , ( Oct. 17 , 1896 – March 26 , 1999 ) was a Canadian women 's rights pioneer . Born Evelyn Story in Wawanesa , Manitoba , she moved with her family to Vancouver , British Columbia in 1910 . She received a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1917 from the University of British Columbia ( UBC ) , one of the first female graduates . She was also a founding member of the Alma Mater Society and helped give the UBC women the right to vote in 1914 before women could vote in Canada . She received her master 's degree from UBC in 1926 in history and sociology . In 1997 , she was made an Officer of the Order of Canada for her " immense impact on the Vancouver community by raising hundreds of thousands of dollars for a seniors facility and a much - needed daycare centre for the University " . She was married to Sherwood Lett , a Canadian soldier , lawyer , diplomat , and jurist .

" The Light In Our Soul " , an up - tempo ballad , was the second single from the album My Number One by 2005 Eurovision winner Helena Paparizou . The song was written by Costas Bigalis and was chosen for the Eurovision Greek National Final , along with " O.K. " and " Let 's Get Wild , " but it was " My Number One " that was chosen . The song was disqualified because it was revealed that a CD demo version of the song sung by another artist had been leaked on the internet and oddly made available for sale on the site of a popular e - tailer . Paparizou herself stated during a concert in Chicago Illinois that " The Light in Our Soul " was leaked on the internet , and the song was therefore disqualified from the Eurovision preselection . She then made a very jovial comment regarding internet file - sharing in general saying : " No no , I do not use the internet . This is why we do n't like the internet . "

Fàn Chun Yip ( born 1 May 1976 in Hong Kong ) , with the nickname " Piggy"(豬仔 ; ) , is a retired goalkeeper and goalkeeping coach for Hong Kong Pegasus FC , was in the squad of the Hong Kong national football team as a captain , and now has been promoted to become a goalkeeping coach of the national team . Widely considered one of the best goalkeepers in Asia , he was voted the Hong Kong Footballer of the Year in the 2003/2004 season . He has also twice consecutively been voted Goalkeeper of the Tournament in the two recent editions of the East Asian Cup . The Hong Kong team 's first choice goalkeeper , Fan is currently playing for Shatin Sports Association in the Hong Kong First Division League . Before joining Shatin Sports Association , he played for Instant - Dict , Yee Hope , Hong Kong Rangers and Happy Valley . This is Fan 's second spell with Happy Valley , having joined on loan some years previously . He made his international debut on 19 November 1998 against the Vietnam . Fan Chun Yip made it into the Hong Kong league 's Team of the Season four times consecutively between 2001 and 2005 , and has been awarded the ' Hong Kong First Division League Most Popular Player ' twice consecutively ( 2004–06 ) . In 2005 , when Fan Chun Yip took his second participation in the East Asian Cup , his excellent performance again impressed foreign presses and football fans . Indeed , he was eventually awarded the Best Goalkeeper of the tournament . Since then , Fan Chun Yip made himself in fame and is recognised as one of the best goalkeepers in Asia ( along with the Japan National Yoshikatsu Kawaguchi and the R.O. Korean National Lee Woon - Jae ) .

The Korean War ( June 25 , 1950 – July 27 , 1953 ) was significant in the fact that it was the first war in which the newly independent United States Air Force was involved . It was the first time U.S. jet aircraft entered into battle . Air Force F-86 Sabre jets took control of the skies , as American fighter pilots bested Soviet - built MiG-15 fighters in combat against aircraft , Soviet tactics , and , on some occasions , Soviet pilots of the Soviet 64th Fighter Aviation Corps . World War II - era prop - driven P-51D Mustangs were pressed into the ground - air support role , and large formations of B-29 Superfortresses flew for the last time on strategic bombardment missions . The Korean War also saw the first large - scale use of rotary - wing helicopters . The USAF suffered 1,841 battle casualties , of which 1,180 were killed in action . It lost 1,747 aircraft to all causes including 1,466 to operational causes .

Diogo de Gouveia ( c. 1471 , Beja - 8 December 1557 , Lisbon ) , known as Diogo de Gouveia , the Elder to distinguish him from contemporary homonyms such as his nephew , was a leading Portuguese teacher , theologian , diplomat and humanist during the Renaissance . With an extensive academic curriculum as rector at the University of Paris , he served King Manuel I and king John III of Portugal , whom he advised on the creation of captaincies in Brazil and the coming of the first Jesuit missionaries and notably Francis Xavier . First of a lineage of distinguished humanists and educators , he was the uncle of André de Gouveia , António de Gouveia , Diogo de Gouveia " the younger " , and Marcial de Gouveia . During the Counter - Reformation he was a strong supporter of scholastic and Catholic orthodoxy , clashing with the liberal views of his nephew André de Gouveia .

Gabrielle Colonna - Romano ( 1888 – 1981 ) or Colanna Romano ( name as a cinema actress ) , born Gabrielle Dreyfus , was a French actress , famous as a tragedian , sociétaire of the Comédie - Française from 1913 to 1936 , and as a student of Sarah Bernhardt . She appeared in several plays and poetry readings ( notably of works by the Symbolist poet Saint - Pol - Roux ) . She had an affair with Pierre Renoir , and modelled for several paintings by his father Auguste Renoir , notably Jeune femme à la rose ( 1913 ) . In England , she met and became friends with Marie Bell , on whose advice she decided to present herself to the Conservatoire . She was the sixth and final wife of the millionaire press - magnate Alfred Edwards , and after his death married the actor Pierre Alcover . She and Alcover are buried together in the Rueil - Malmaison cemetery . She gives her name to the " Prix Colonna - Romano de tragédie classique " at the Conservatoire national supérieur d'art dramatique in Paris .

Dawuntna Delant ( " Dewunt and Delant " ) was one of the 105 woredas in the Amhara Region of Ethiopia . Part of the Semien Wollo Zone , Dawuntna Delant was bordered on the south by the Checheho River which separated it from the Debub Wollo Zone , on the west by the Debub Gondar Zone , on the north by Wadla , and on the east by Guba Lafto . The deep valley of the Zhit'a river , which runs through Wadla and along part of the northern border , effectively isolates much of Dawuntna Delant from the rest of Semien Wollo . This woreda was named after two historical districts , Dawunt to the east and Delanta to the west . The major town in Dawuntna Delant was Wegeltena . This woreda was separated for Dawunt and Delanta woredas .

Athetis hospes , or Porter 's rustic , is a moth of the family Noctuidae which was described by Christian Friedrich Freyer in 1835 . It is found in Spain , southern France , Italy , on the Balkan Peninsula , Crete , Turkey and northern Iran . The species seems to be expanding its range in north - western Europe with records from Great Britain and the Netherlands . The wingspan is 26–30   mm . Adults are on wing from May to June and again from August to September . The larvae feed on various low - growing plants , including tobacco . The species overwinters as full - grown larvae in the soil . They are gregarious in the first instar . Later instars make galleries in the stalks and holes in the leaves . Pupation takes place below ground near the host plant

Accor S.A. , using the brand name AccorHotels , is a French multinational hospitality company that owns , manages and franchises hotels , resorts , and vacation properties . It is a constituent part of the CAC 40 index on the Paris Bourse . Accor is the largest hotel group in the world outside of the United States . The group is headquartered in Paris , Issy - les - Moulineaux , Évry and Courcouronnes . It operates in 100 countries , with more than 4,200 hotels and 250,000 employees worldwide . Its total capacity is approximately 570,000 rooms , with about 25 % in France . AccorHotels has a wide portfolio of 26 marques covering different segments of the hotel market . It includes luxury brands such as Raffles , Fairmont , Sofitel , Novotel and Pullman . In the budget range , Ibis and Formule 1 are its major subsidiaries , while its midrange offer includes Swissôtel , Mercure and Adagio .

John Keller Griffith ( October 16 , 1882 – September 25 , 1942 ) was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Louisiana 's 6th congressional district . Born in Baton Rouge , he earned a college degree from Louisiana State University and then his Doctor of Medicine degree from Tulane University in New Orleans . He served in the United States Army Medical Corps during World War I. He worked for a physician at the insane asylum in Jackson , Louisiana . In 1936 , Griffith was elected as a Democrat to the first of two terms in Congress , having unseated Jared Y. Sanders , Jr. , of Baton Rouge in the primary . However , he was defeated by Sanders in 1940 in a renomination bid for a third term . He died shortly after Sanders himself was unseated in District 6 by the long - term Representative James H. Morrison of Hammond , Louisiana .

The Westminster Bubble ( also called the Westminster village ) is a characterization of members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom as being isolated from life outside Parliament . This includes Members of Parliament , Peers , lobbyists , researchers , secretaries , civil servants , lobby correspondents and leader writers for newspapers and is so named because Parliament is located in Westminster , London . A similar situation occurs in the United States , where the governmental culture in and around Washington DC is sometimes known as the Washington Bubble or more often Inside the Beltway . More recently , in Scotland , there has been a development of a " Holyrood bubble " , as the Scottish Parliament is in the Holyrood district of Edinburgh . A recent example of the characterization includes Peter Hain speaking in the House on 29 January 2004 : " All broadcasters , the whole coverage of politics , the Westminster bubble that we as politicians of the Government and Opposition occupy together with the Westminster lobby ; together we are all conducting politics in a way that is turning off voters , listeners , readers and watchers by the million . " In July the previous year he had described it in a newspaper article as : In November 2003 Conservative Party Leader Michael Howard indicated on the day of his appointment that he wished to be a " leader outside the Westminster Bubble . "

Mogens Ludolf Fog ( 9 June 1904 – 16 July 1990 ) was a Danish physician , politician ( Danish Communist Party ) and resistance fighter . In the 1930s , he headed the Socialistiske Læger ( Social Physicians ) who opposed Fascism . During the Second World War and the German occupation of Denmark , he played a strategic role in the Danish resistance movement . In 1942 , he helped to set up the Frit Danmark , the illegal non - partisan resistance newspaper , and became an active member of the Danish Freedom Council ( Frihedsrådet ) in 1943 . He was arrested by the Gestapo in October 1944 but escaped in March 1945 after their headquarters in the Shell building were bombed by the Royal Air Force . After the war , he continued his political career , first as a Communist but in 1958 he left the Communist Party of Denmark and founded the Socialist People 's Party together with Aksel Larsen . From 1966 to 1972 , he was rector of the University of Copenhagen . He was rector during the protests of 1968 and in cooperation with the students he made democratic reforms of university governance .

" Someday " is a song by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey from her self - titled debut studio album ( 1990 ) . It is a dance - pop song with new jack swing influences . Prior to Carey signing a record contract , she and producer Ben Margulies had written and produced a four - track demo which included " Someday " . After signing a contract with Columbia Records , Carey began work on her debut album and she reached out to Ric Wake to ask if he would produce the song , to which he agreed . The composition of the demo recording was changed during the recording process , most notably replacing the horns with a guitar , which Carey disapproved of . " Someday " was released as the album 's third single on November 15 , 1990 , in the United Kingdom and was released the following month in the United States with multiple remixes . The song was a critical and commercial success , being described as an album highlight and becoming Carey 's third consecutive number - one single on the US Billboard Hot 100 . " Someday " was subsequently included on many of Carey 's compilation albums and greatest hits releases , including # 1 's ( 1998 ) , Greatest Hits ( 2001 ) , The Essential Mariah Carey ( 2011 ) and # 1 to Infinity ( 2015 ) .

Mary Elizabeth Anania Edwards ( July 3 , 1949 – December 7 , 2010 ) was an American attorney , a best - selling author and a health care activist . She was married to John Edwards , the former U.S. Senator from North Carolina who was the 2004 United States Democratic vice - presidential nominee . Edwards lived a private life until her husband 's rise as senator and ultimately unsuccessful vice presidential and presidential campaigns . She was his chief policy advisor during his presidential bid , and was instrumental in pushing him towards more liberal stances on subjects such as universal health care . She was also an advocate of gay marriage and was against the war in Iraq , both topics about which she and her husband disagreed . In the final years of her life , Edwards publicly dealt with her husband 's admission of an extramarital affair and her breast cancer , writing two books and making numerous media appearances . She separated from John Edwards in early 2010 . On December 6 , 2010 , her family announced that her cancer had spread and her doctors had recommended that further treatment would be unproductive . She died the following day .

The Latin Grammy Trustees Award is an award presented annually by the Latin Recording Academy , the same organization that distributes the Latin Grammy Awards , to individuals " who have made significant contributions , other than performance , to Latin music during their careers " . Recipients can include producers , songwriters , composers , record label executives , and journalists . Award recipients are honored during " Latin Grammy Week " , a string of galas prior to the annual Latin Grammy Awards ceremony . Since its inception , the award has been presented to recipients originating from Argentina , Brazil , Chile , Colombia , Cuba , the Dominican Republic , Mexico , Puerto Rico , Spain , the United States , Uruguay , and Venezuela . The award was first presented to Mexican composer and musician Manuel Esperón . Since 2005 , the Trustees Awards has been presented to more than one recipient . Pierre Cossette is the only recipient of the Latin Grammy Trustees Award to also receive the Grammy Trustees Award in 1995 .

David Hollister ( born April 3 , 1942 ) served as the mayor of Lansing , Michigan from 1993 to 2003 , until he resigned to be the director of the Michigan Department of Labor and Economic Growth under Michigan Governor Jennifer Granholm 's administration . During his tenure as mayor , he was instrumental in convincing General Motors Corporation to build the Grand River Assembly Plant downtown , and to build a new plant in the region to replace the Lansing Car Assembly Plant which dated back to 1903 . Also under his tenure came the completion of Cooley Law School Stadium , the stadium for the Lansing Lugnuts , a Class A minor league baseball team . Mayor Hollister made central city ( including downtown and Old Town ) revitalization a top priority of his administration . Hollister was born In Kalamazoo and raised in Battle Creek , Michigan , where he graduated from Battle Creek Central High School . He earned bachelor 's and master 's degrees from Michigan State University . From 1967 to 1970 he was a social studies teacher at Lansing Eastern High School . Prior to becoming mayor , he served in the Michigan House of Representatives from 1973 - 1993 representing the City of Lansing . In 2005 he was recruited to run Prima Civitas , an economic development organization funded by Michigan State University and the city governments of Lansing and East Lansing , Michigan .

The Canada – Central American Free Trade Agreement was a proposed free trade agreement between Canada and the Central American states of Guatemala , El Salvador , Honduras , and Nicaragua , collectively referred to as the CA4 ( Canada already has a bilateral FTA with another Central American country , Costa Rica ) . Negotiations were undertaken between 2001 and 2010 and included twelves rounds of negotiations , after which time Canada and Honduras instead decided to pursue a bilateral agreement between themselves . Those negotiations concluded successfully in August 2011 . The U.S. has negotiated and ratified a similar treaty with these countries , called the Central American Free Trade Agreement . In a referendum on October 7 , 2007 , the voters of Costa Rica narrowly backed the free trade agreement with the U.S. , with about 52 percent of " Yes " votes .

Bolgatty Palace is a former palace built by the Dutch in India on Bolgatty Island in Kochi , Kerala . One of the oldest existing Dutch palaces outside Holland , this quaint mansion was built in 1744 by Dutch traders and later extended and gardens were landscaped around it . The building was then the Governor 's palace for the commander of Dutch Malabar , and in 1909 was leased to the British . It served as the home of the British governors , being the seat of the British Resident of Cochin during the British Raj . In 1947 , when India attained independence , the palace became the property of the state and was converted into a heritage hotel resort . Bolgatty Palace has a swimming pool , 9-hole golf course , ayurvedic centre , and daily Kathakali performances and is a holiday destination for tourists . There is in a temple dedicated to Shiva that is the first of its kind in Kerala . The best time to visit the Bolgatty Palace would be from October to April since Kochi would have wonderful weather during this time .

John Cunningham Knowles ( October 15 , 1894 – August 31 , 1977 ) was a political figure in Saskatchewan . He represented Wilkie in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan from 1938 to 1944 as a Liberal . He was born in Severn Bridge , Ontario , the son of Robert Knowles and Mary Elizabeth Cunningham , and educated in Ufford and at Northern Business College in Owen Sound . Knowles served overseas in France and Flanders during World War I. After the war , he came west and settled on a farm in Unity . Knowles was on the municipal council for Unity and served on the board of directors of the Saskatchewan School Trustees Association and of the Saskatchewan Association of Rural Municipalities . In 1927 , he married Inez Viola Mead . He also served in the Canadian Army during World War II . In 1946 , Knowles was appointed as a Member of the Order of the British Empire for his military service . After he returned from the Second World War , he managed a real estate company in Regina , retiring in 1965 .

Ernie Copland ( 15 April 1927 ) was a Scottish footballer who played for Arbroath , Dundee and Raith Rovers . He was selected for Scotland 's 1954 FIFA World Cup squad , but did not travel to the finals and never actually played for the national side . Although selected for the 22 man squad for the 1954 FIFA World Cup , the Scottish Football Association only budgeted to take 13 players ( including only one goalkeeper ) to the finals in Switzerland . Copland was one of the players who stayed at home on reserve , with the likes of Bobby Combe and Jimmy Binning . Ernie was chosen as reserve in the Scottish team for the World Cup qualifiers in 1957 , and travelled to Basle ( Switzerland ) , Stuttgart ( Germany ) , and Madrid ( Spain ) , but did not play .

Atlantic Marine was an American shipbuilding and construction company . It operated two shipyards , one in Mobile , Alabama and the original corporate location , a smaller one in Jacksonville , Florida where its headquarters was located . It was acquired by BAE Systems in May 2010 for $ 352   million . BAE Systems renamed the former company BAE Systems Southeast Shipyards , a division of BAE Systems Inc. As Atlantic Marine Holdings , the company took over the former shipyard of the Alabama Drydock and Shipbuilding Company in 1992 . In 2006 , the company was itself taken over by an investment firm run by former U.S. Navy Secretary John F. Lehman and became known simply as Atlantic Marine . The company offered a variety of services , including shipbuilding , ship repairs , maintenance and conversion , and also steel fabrication for industrial uses . The Alabama drydock facility was capable of servicing vessels of up to 46,400 tons , including cargo and cruise ships , and also offered repair and conversion facilities for " drilling rigs and semi - submersibles that served the offshore oil industry . " The Jacksonville drydock serviced vessels of up to 14,600 tons , and specialized in " mega - yacht repairs and refits , as well as commercial and U.S. Navy ship repairs and conversions , marine fabrication , and industrial fabrication and machining . " The company employed 600 full - time workers in 2005 .

The Valdivia Expedition , or Deutschen Tiefsee - Expedition ( German Deep Sea Expedition ) , was a scientific expedition organised and funded by the German Empire under Kaiser Wilhelm II and was named after the ship which was bought and outfitted for the expedition , the SS Valdivia . It was led by the marine biologist Carl Chun and the expedition ran from 1898 - 1899 with the purpose of exploring the depths of the oceans below 500 fathoms , which had not been explored by the earlier Challenger Expedition . The Challenger Expedition was the expedition that established modern Oceanography , prompting many other expeditions which were either nationally and privately funded which would dredge the deep - sea in search of new and exotic species . This late 19th Century fascination with organisms found at great depths was unsurprising , because in the mid-19th century most scientists followed Abyssal Theory which stated that it was not possible for life to exist below 300 fathoms depth . Carl Chun , a famed teuthologist , held had a deep conviction that there must be life , in abundance , which existed in the unknown abyssal regions of the oceans , a belief he shared with an increasingly large number of marine scientists . This conviction along with his desire to further explore the areas of the oceans which were not covered by the Challenger Expedition that led him to propose that the German Empire organise its own expedition which was to be nationally funded with the approval of the Kaiser .

Arnau Alemany ( Catalan pronunciation : Əřn'àu Ələm'àŋ , Barcelona , 1948 ) is a Catalan painter . His style is magical realism or surrealism . He studied at Conservatori d’arts sumptuàries and later he graduated in Massana Art School in Barcelona . His influences are : René Magritte , Balthus and Pierre Roy . In 1991 he won the Biennal d’Art of Montecarlo second prize . His first exhibitions were in Catalonia ( Galeria Serrallonga , Sala Parés , galleries of Girona , etc . ) and later he presented his paintings in València , London , Paris , Lyon , Madrid , San Francisco , New York , Miami , Los Angeles , Chicago , Japan ( Marugame Hirai Museum ) . His original works are painted in panel painting , though he has also produced an extensive collection of hand - signed and numbered lithographs . He paints social buildings from Paris , Barcelona or New York in desert landscapes and desolate abandonment , ghost towns , industrialised cities , where nature eat the streets and buildings .

Environmentally , Colombia is a mega - diverse country from its natural land terrain to its biological wildlife . Its biodiversity is a result of its geographical location and elevation . It is the fourth largest South American country and only country in South America to have coasts in the Pacific and Caribbean ocean . Colombia ’s terrain can be divided into six main natural zones : The Caribbean , the Pacific ( including Choco ’s Biogeographic rainforest ) , The Orinoco region , The Amazonia region , the Andean region , and the Insular region . 52.2 % of the environment is predominately the Andes , Amazon , and Pacific Basins , followed by the Orinoco basin 13.9 % , the Andes and the Caribbean . The Tropical Andes , Choco , and the Caribbean are considered biodiversity hotspots which puts these areas at high risk of concentration of colonizing activities . Colombia hosts over 1800 species and at least one new species is detected every year . Decades of civil war and political unrest has impeded biological and environmental research in Colombia . The political unrest in Colombia catalyzes the alteration of land patterns through the cultivation of coca and opium crops , the redirection of extractive activities , and land abandonment in some areas . There are many environmental issues in Colombia . Issues include deforestation , soil erosion , illicit drug crops grown in national natural reserves by mafias ( not peasants ) , pollution on mayor bodies of water by corporations ( backed up by unregulated / unsupervised policies and by the corruption of local and federal authorities ) among others . There is soil and water quality damage from contamination by the use of chemicals in the coca - refining process , spillage of crude oil into the local rivers as a result of guerrilla sabotage of pipelines , and overuse of pesticides , air pollution ( especially in Bogotá ) from vehicle emissions , and the preservation of wildlife . Natural hazards include highlands subject to volcanic eruptions , occasional earthquakes , and periodic droughts .

The Imam Bukhari Jamaat ( , also Katibat Imam al Bukhari ) is an Islamist Salafi group fighting in the Syrian Civil War and the War in Afghanistan , composed of primarily Uzbeks , and expressing loyalty to the Taliban movement . The group originally operated only in Syria , where it is allied with other jihadist organisations such as al - Nusra Front and Ahrar ash - Sham , and alongside these other groups it makes up the Army of Conquest , which overran much of Idlib province in north Syria in 2015 . Since late 2016 , the group has also began to fight against Afghan National Security Forces , and has claimed to have set up training camps in northern Afghanistan . The group is named after Imam Bukhari , a 9th - century Islamic scholar who was from Bukhara in modern - day Uzbekistan .

" Magic Carpet Ride " is a rock song written by John Kay and Rushton Moreve from the Canadian - American hard rock band Steppenwolf . The song was initially released in 1968 on the album The Second . It was the lead single from that album , peaking at number three in the US , and staying in the charts for 16 weeks , longer than any other Steppenwolf song . The single version differs noticeably from the album version with a different vocal take by Kay used for the first verse of the song and differing instrumental balances , most notably the introduction feedback . The single version is also much shorter than the album version , with a running time of 2 minutes and 55 seconds . ( The album version is 4 minutes and 25 seconds long . ) In 1988 , the band rerecorded the song with the hip hop group Grandmaster Flash and the Furious Five . The track appeared on their reunion album On the Strength .

Görece is a village in the Menderes district of Izmir Province , Turkey . It is known for its production of eye beads . Today , the real eye beads are produced only in Görece and Kurudere ( Kemalpaşa ) villages near Izmir by a handful of craftsmen , who have devoted their lives to this art . The 3000-year - old antique Mediterranean glass art lives in these eye bead furnaces with its every detail . The roots of the very few glass masters who still practise this age - old tradition goes back to the Arab artisans , who have settled in Izmir and its towns during the decline of the Ottoman Empire by the end of 19th century . The glass art that has lost its glamour in Anatolia , combining with the eye sign , was relived . The masters who practised their arts at Araphan and Kemeraltı , districts of İzmir , were exiled due to the smoke emissions from their furnaces and fire risks to the neighbourhood .

Major General Craig A. Franklin is a retired United States Air Force general officer . He was last the commander of 3rd Air Force , based at Ramstein Air Base in Germany . A 1981 graduate of the United States Air Force Academy , Franklin served in flying assignments , instructor pilot assignments , as well as multiple staff assignments . Franklin has commanded a test and evaluation group and three wings , including the 332nd Air Expeditionary Wing based at Balad Air Base , Iraq . Franklin submitted his retirement to be effective 31 January 2014 . His early retirement resulted in a reduction in retirement rank to the two - star rank of major general . This is as a direct result of Franklin 's dismissal of a sexual assault case in February 2013 after the officer in question , a lieutenant colonel , had been found guilty at a court martial in November 2012 . The officer was subsequently released from prison and restored to his rank , only to be forced into retirement at a lower rank after the discovery of further sexual misconduct . In a statement Franklin said , " he was retiring ' for the good of this command and the Air Force ' because of persistent doubts about his impartiality in overseeing sex - abuse investigations . "

Blagoje Vidinić (; 11 June 1934 – 29 December 2006 ) was a Macedonian football coach , former player , and former Olympic participant of Serbian origin . Born in Skopje , he played his club football for FK Vardar , Radnički Beograd and OFK Beograd in Yugoslavia , and then with FC Sion of Switzerland . In 1967 , he moved to the USA to join the Los Angeles Toros of the National Professional Soccer League , making 20 appearances that season . He started the 1968 season with the relocated successor team San Diego Toros in the newly formed NASL , before moving to St. Louis Stars . He played for Yugoslavia as a goalkeeper in the 1956 and 1960 Olympics , winning silver in the former and gold in the latter . He also played in the 1960 UEFA European Football Championship when Yugoslavia finished second . After retiring from playing , he became a coach , and managed two African teams in the FIFA World Cup : Morocco in 1970 and Zaire in 1974 .

Bemidji ( ) is a city in Beltrami County ( and county seat ) , in north west Minnesota , United States . According to the 2012 – 2016 American Community Survey 5-year estimates , the United States Census Bureau estimates the total population of Bemidji as of 2016 to be 14,664 , making it the largest commercial center between Grand Forks , North Dakota and Duluth , Minnesota . Bemidji houses many Native American services , including the Indian Health Service . The city is the central hub of the Red Lake Indian Reservation , White Earth Indian Reservation and the Leech Lake Indian Reservation . Bemidji lies on the south west shore of Lake Bemidji , the northernmost lake feeding the Mississippi River and as such is deemed " The First City On The Mississippi . " Bemidji is also the self - proclaimed " curling capital " of the U.S. and alleged birthplace of Paul Bunyan .

" My Favourite Game " is an alternative rock song written by Peter Svensson and Nina Persson for The Cardigans ' 1998 album Gran Turismo . The song is the album 's eighth track , and was released as its first single . Lyrically , its about a failing relationship and the attempt made to better the significant other or save people from themselves . " My Favorite Game " found minor international success , reaching number three in Sweden and number 14 in the UK . It also charted within the top 40 in European countries like Ireland , France , the Netherlands and New Zealand . While it failed to chart on the Billboard Hot 100 and its radio counterpart , it peaked at number 16 on the Alternative Songs chart . The accompanying music video was directed by Jonas Åkerlund and features Persson joydriving on a desert road . It caused controversy due to its imagery of car crashes and reckless driving , and resulted it being recut to tone down the violence and appear on music channels .

Estimates of casualties of the Vietnam War vary widely . Estimates include both civilian and military deaths in North and South Vietnam , Laos , and Cambodia . The conflict persisted from 1955 to 1975 and most of the fighting took place in South Vietnam ; accordingly it suffered the most casualties . The war also spilled over into the neighboring countries of Cambodia and Laos which also endured casualties from aerial and ground fighting . Civilian deaths caused by both sides amounted to a significant percentage of total deaths . Civilian deaths were partly caused by assassinations , massacres and terror tactics . Civilian deaths were also caused by mortar and artillery , extensive aerial bombing and the use of firepower in military operations conducted in heavily populated areas . Some 365,000 Vietnamese civilians are estimated by one source to have died as a result of the war during the period of American involvement . A number of incidents occurred during the war in which civilians were deliberately targeted or killed . The best - known are the Massacre at Huế and the My Lai massacre .

The Great Depression in the United Kingdom , also known as the Great Slump , was a period of national economic downturn in the 1930s , which had its origins in the global Great Depression . It was Britain 's largest and most profound economic depression of the 20th century . The Great Depression originated in the United States in late 1929 and quickly spread to the world . Britain had never experienced the boom that had characterized the U.S. , Germany , Canada and Australia in the 1920s , so its effect appeared less severe . Britain 's world trade fell by half ( 1929–33 ) , the output of heavy industry fell by a third , employment profits plunged in nearly all sectors . At the depth in summer 1932 , registered unemployed numbered 3.5 million , and many more had only part - time employment . Particularly hardest hit by economic problems were the industrial and mining areas in the north of England , Scotland , Northern Ireland and Wales . Unemployment reached 70 % in some areas at the start of the 1930s ( with more than 3 million out of work nationally ) and many families depended entirely on payments from local government known as the dole . Politically the Conservative Party dominated the era and the Labour Party was seriously hurt .

" Bad Little Boy " is the eleventh episode of the fifth season of the American animated television series Adventure Time . The episode was written and storyboarded by Cole Sanchez and Rebecca Sugar , from a story by Sugar , Patrick McHale , Adam Muto , Kent Osborne , and series creator Pendleton Ward . The show follows the adventures of Finn ( Jeremy Shada ) , a human boy , and his best friend and adoptive brother Jake ( John DiMaggio ) , a dog with magical powers to change shape and grow and shrink at will . In this episode , Marceline ( Olivia Olson ) tells the Ice King ( Tom Kenny ) a fan fiction involving her genderswapped form Marshall Lee ( Donald Glover ) . " Bad Little Boy " originally aired on Cartoon Network on February 18 , 2013 . It serves as a sequel to the third season episode " Fionna and Cake " , and sees the return of characters Fionna ( Madeleine Martin ) and Cake ( Roz Ryan ) , genderswapped forms of Finn and Jake . Glover and Neil Patrick Harris guest star as other genderswapped characters . The episode was a ratings success , being viewed by 3.1 million viewers . In addition , it garnered mostly positive critical reviews .

Sidney Salkow ( June 16 , 1911 – October 18 , 2000 ) was an American film director ( more than 50 motion pictures ) , screenwriter , and television director . Salkow was educated at the City College of New York , Columbia University and Harvard Law School . After school he returned to New York City and became an assistant director of theater and playwright . Later on , he established himself as a theatrical director . In 1932 , he joined up with the film industry starting as a dialogue director but soon later , after achieving the ranks , he became a prolific writer / director of such films as Sitting Bull , Twice - Told Tales , and The Last Man on Earth ( the last two both starring Vincent Price ) . During World War II Salkow was commissioned into the United States Marine Corps rising to the rank of Major . He was wounded whilst filming a battle on an aircraft carrier . Additionally , Salkow directed episodes of many popular TV series including Lassie , The Cisco Kid , and The Addams Family . At the age of 59 , Salkow retired from directing , and taught film courses at California State University - Northridge , where he became a professor emeritus and headed the film side of the Radio , Television and Film Department . He died October 18 , 2000 in Valley Village , California from natural causes at the age of 89 .

George Redburn Young ( November 6 , 1946 October 22 , 2017 ) was an Australian musician , songwriter and record producer . He was a founding member of the bands the Easybeats and Flash and the Pan , and was one - half of the songwriting and production duo Vanda & Young with his long - time musical collaborator Harry Vanda . Born in Scotland , Young moved to Australia with his family as a teenager , and became a naturalised citizen . He was a member of the 1960s Australian rock band the Easybeats , and co - wrote with bandmate Harry Vanda the international hits " Friday on My Mind " and " Love Is in the Air " , the latter recorded by John Paul Young ( who is unrelated ) . Vanda and Young were also the producers of early work by the Australian hard rock band AC / DC , formed by his younger brothers Malcolm and Angus Young . Vanda & Young were inducted into the ARIA Hall of Fame in 1988 and the Easybeats were inducted in 2005 .

R Adams Cowley ( July 25 , 1917 – October 27 , 1991 ) was an American surgeon considered a pioneer in emergency medicine and the treatment of shock trauma . Called the " Father of Trauma Medicine " , he was the founder of the United States ' first trauma center at the University of Maryland in 1958 , after the US Army awarded him $ 100,000 to study shock in people — the first award of its kind in the United States . The trauma unit at first consisted of two beds , and was later expanded to four beds . Many people called the four - bed unit the " death lab . " Cowley was the creator of the " Golden Hour " concept , the period of 60 minutes or less following injury when immediate definitive care is crucial to a trauma patient 's survival . He was a leader in the use of helicopters for medical evacuations of civilians , beginning in 1969 , and founded the Society of Thoracic Surgeons . He also founded the nation 's first statewide EMS system , called MIEMSS by Executive Order of Maryland 's Governor Mandel , 1972 , as well as the National Study Center for Trauma and EMS , enacted by Congress in 1986 and signed into law by President Ronald Reagan . He is also known for being one of the first surgeons to perform open - heart surgery and invented both a surgical clamp that bears his name and a prototype pacemaker that was used by Dwight D. Eisenhower .

Frederick David Sears ( born 27 November 1989 ) is an English professional footballer who plays as a forward for Ipswich Town . He started his career with his local club West Ham United at the age of eleven , progressing through the West Ham United Academy . He made a scoring first - team debut in March 2008 when he netted the winner against Blackburn Rovers after coming on as a second - half substitute . Sears made over 50 first - team appearances for West Ham , but never held down a regular starting position . Sears had fruitless loan spells with Crystal Palace , Coventry City and Scunthorpe United , before joining Colchester United for the latter half of the 2011 – 12 season . He scored two goals in 11 appearances for the U 's , prompting the club to sign him on a permanent basis from the Hammers in July 2012 . After joining the Essex club , Sears rediscovered his scoring form , grabbing 34 goals in 99 games in his two - and - a - half year stay before departing for Ipswich . Sears has also represented England at under-19 , under-20 and under-21 levels .

Janni Bach ( born 28 April 1966 ) is a Danish - born , former Australian female handball player . She played handball from the age of five , made her Denmark junior women 's national handball team debut at age 17 , and was chosen for the Denmark women 's national handball team in 1991 . In 1997 , her husband —also a handball player — was offered a job in Australia , and the family relocated . Within weeks of arriving , both were recruited for the Australia women 's national handball team and the Australia national handball team , respectively . Bach was part of the team at the 2000 Summer Olympics , playing five matches . On club level she played for Roskilde Håndbold in Denmark , and University of Sydney in Australia .

A Charlie Brown Christmas is a 1965 animated television special based on the comic strip Peanuts , by Charles M. Schulz . Produced by Lee Mendelson and directed by Bill Melendez , the program made its debut on CBS on December 9 , 1965 . In the special , lead character Charlie Brown finds himself depressed despite the onset of the cheerful holiday season . Lucy suggests he direct a neighborhood Christmas play , but his best efforts are ignored and mocked by his peers . After Linus tells Charlie Brown about the true meaning of Christmas , Charlie Brown cheers up , and the Peanuts gang unites to celebrate the Christmas season . Peanuts had become a phenomenon worldwide by the mid-1960s , and the special was commissioned and sponsored by The Coca - Cola Company . It was written over a period of several weeks , and animated on a shoestring budget in only six months . In casting the characters , the producers went an unconventional route , hiring child actors . The program 's soundtrack was similarly unorthodox : it features a jazz score by pianist Vince Guaraldi . Its absence of a laugh track ( a staple in US television animation in this period ) , in addition to its tone , pacing , music , and animation , led both the producers and network to predict the project would be a disaster preceding its broadcast . Contrary to that apprehension , A Charlie Brown Christmas received high ratings and acclaim from critics . It has since been honored with both an Emmy and Peabody Award . It became an annual broadcast in the United States , and has been aired during the Christmas season traditionally every year since its premiere . Its success paved the way for a series of Peanuts television specials and films . Its jazz soundtrack also achieved commercial success , selling 4 million copies in the US . Live theatrical versions of A Charlie Brown Christmas have been staged . ABC currently holds the rights to the special and broadcasts it at least twice during the weeks leading up to Christmas .

Carl Frederik Bricka ( July 10 , 1845 – August 23 , 1903 ) was a Danish archivist , historian , and biographer . Carl Bricka was born in Copenhagen , Denmark . His father , Frederik Vilhelm Theodor Bricka ( 1809 - 79 ) , was a medical doctor . He attended Metropolitanskolen and earned his Magister degree from the University of Copenhagen ( 1870 ) . He became an assistant at the Danish Royal Library in 1871 . During the period 1883 - 97 , he was employed in the Danish National Archives , after which he became the department head ( Rigsarkivar ) . Bricka became a member of the board of the Danish Historical Society and edited the historical magazine published by the association ( 1878 - 97 ) . He also served as editor of Danske Magazin ( 1883 - 1901 ) . From 1885 until his death in 1903 , he was the publisher of the Dansk biografisk lexikon : tillige omfattende Norge for Tidsrummet 1537 – 1814 . The first edition of this Danish biographic encyclopedia was published by Gyldendal in 19 volumes between 1887 to 1905 .

A Flock of Seagulls are an English new wave and synth - pop band originally formed in 1980 in Liverpool by Michael " Mike " Score ( lead vocals , keyboards ) , his brother Alister " Ali " James Score ( drums ) , and Francis Lee " Frank " Maudsley ( bass ) , with their most famous line - up consisting of the Score brothers and Maudsley along with lead guitarist Paul Reynolds . The group had a string of international hit singles including " I Ran ( So Far Away ) " ( 1982 ) , " Space Age Love Song " ( 1982 ) , " Wishing ( If I Had a Photograph of You ) " ( 1982 ) , and " The More You Live , the More You Love " ( 1984 ) . They became notable in the 1980s for their video for " I Ran ( So Far Away ) " . The band won a Grammy Award in 1983 for their instrumental " D.N.A " ( 1982 ) .

" Occhi di ragazza " ( " Girl 's eyes " ) was the Italian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1970 , performed in Italian by Gianni Morandi . The song is a ballad , with Morandi musing on the power of his lover 's eyes . Initially , he describes them as windows into her soul and places where he can see their future . The song ends , however , on something of a pessimistic note , as he explains that these same eyes will one day fill with tears as their relationship ends . The song was performed third on the night , following Switzerland 's Henri Dès with " Retour " and preceding Yugoslavia 's Eva Sršen with " Pridi , dala ti bom cvet " . At the close of voting , it had received 5 points , placing it 8th in a field of 12 . It was succeeded as Italian representative at the 1971 Contest by Massimo Ranieri with " L'amore è un attimo " .

The Reivers : A Reminiscence , published in 1962 , is the last novel by the American author William Faulkner . The bestselling novel was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 1963 . Faulkner previously won this award for his book A Fable , making him one of only three authors to be awarded it more than once . Unlike many of his earlier works , it is a straightforward narration and eschews the complicated literary techniques of his more well known works . It is a picaresque novel , and as such may seem uncharacteristically lighthearted given its subject matter . For these reasons , The Reivers is often ignored by Faulkner scholars or dismissed as a lesser work . He previously had referred to writing a " Golden Book of Yoknapatawpha County " with which he would finish his literary career . It is likely that The Reivers was meant to be this " Golden Book " . The Reivers was adapted into a 1969 film directed by Mark Rydell and starring Steve McQueen as Boon Hogganbeck .

The was a short undeclared military confrontation between the Empire of Japan and the French State in northern Indochina . Fighting lasted from 22 to 26 September 1940 , simultaneous with the Battle of South Guangxi in the Sino - Japanese War . The main objective of the Japanese was to prevent the Republic of China from importing arms and fuel through French Indochina along the Kunming – Hai Phong Railway , from the Indochinese port of Haiphong , through the capital of Hanoi to the Chinese city of Kunming in Yunnan . Although an agreement had been reached between the French and Japanese governments prior to the outbreak of fighting , authorities were unable to control events on the ground for several days before the troops stood down . Per the prior agreement , Japan was allowed to occupy Tonkin in northern Indochina and effectively blockade China .

Peter Sydney Ernest Lawford ( born Peter Sydney Ernest Aylen ; 7 September 1923 – 24 December 1984 ) was a British actor , producer , and socialite , who lived in the United States throughout his adult life . He was a member of the " Rat Pack " and the brother - in - law of President John F. Kennedy , and the senators Robert F. Kennedy and Edward Kennedy . From the 1940s to the 1960s , he was a well - known celebrity and starred in a number of highly acclaimed films . In later years , he was noted more for his off - screen activities as a celebrity than for his acting ; it was said that he was " famous for being famous " .

Anicia Juliana ( Constantinople , 462 – 527/528 ) was a Roman imperial princess , the daughter of the Western Roman Emperor Olybrius , of the Anicii , by Placidia the younger daughter of Emperor Valentinian III and Licinia Eudoxia . She married Flavius Areobindus Dagalaiphus Areobindus , and their children included Olybrius , consul for 491 . With her husband , she spent her life at the pre - Justinian court of Constantinople , of which she was considered " both the most aristocratic and the wealthiest inhabitant " . Her glittering genealogy aside , Juliana is primarily remembered as one of the first non - reigning female patrons of art in recorded history . From what little we know about her personal predilections , it appears that she " directly intervened in determining the content , as well , perhaps , as the style " of the works she commissioned . Her pro - Roman political views , as espoused in her letter to Pope Hormisdas ( preserved in the royal library of the Escorial ) are reflected in the chronicle of Marcellinus Comes , who has been associated with her literary circle . Whether Juliana entertained political ambitions of her own is uncertain , but it is known that her husband declined to take up the crown during the 512 riots . Although she resolutely opposed the Monophysite leanings of Emperor Anastasius , she permitted her son Olybrius to marry the Emperor 's niece .

Programming Language Design and Implementation ( PLDI ) is one of the ACM SIGPLAN 's most important conferences . The precursor of PLDI was the Symposium on Compiler Optimization , held July 27–28 , 1970 at the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign and chaired by Robert S. Northcote . That conference included papers by Frances E. Allen , John Cocke , Alfred V. Aho , Ravi Sethi , and Jeffrey D. Ullman . The first conference in the current PLDI series took place in 1979 under the name SIGPLAN Symposium on Compiler Construction in Denver , Colorado . The next Compiler Construction conference took place in 1982 in Boston , Massachusetts . The Compiler Construction conferences then alternated with SIGPLAN Conferences on Language Issues until 1988 , when the conference was renamed to PLDI . From 1982 until 2001 , the conference acronym was SIGPLAN ' xx . Starting in 2002 , the initialism became PLDI ' xx , and in 2006 PLDI xxxx .

Ann Karindi Mwangi ( born 8 December 1988 ) is a Kenyan middle- and long - distance runner . She was a team gold medallist at the IAAF World Cross Country Championships in 2009 and represented her country at the 2011 All - Africa Games . From Nyahururu in Kenya 's Laikipia County , She moved to Japan and ran for the Toyota Industries corporate team . She set a stage record at the 2010 All - Japan Women 's Corporate Ekiden Championships . Running for Kenya , she won her first major medal at the 2009 IAAF World Cross Country Championships . In seventh place , she took the women 's team title with the help of Florence Kiplagat , Linet Masai and Lineth Chepkurui . She won the Cross Zornotza the following year and had her first top level road win in Japan at the Sanyo Women 's 10K. She began to focus more on middle - distance after 2009 . She was sixth in the 1500 metres at both the 2010 African Championships in Athletics and the 2011 All - Africa Games . She helped set a world record in the 4 × 1500 metres relay event . Running in a team with Mercy Cherono , Irene Jelagat , and Perin Nenkampi , the women took two seconds off the previous best at 17:05.72 minutes .

Of True Religion , Heresy , Schism , Toleration ; and what best means may be used against the Growth of Popery is the title of a polemical tract against the popery of the Roman Catholic Church written by John Milton which was published in London in 1673 . The tract addresses Milton 's own problems with the doctrines , practices , and ceremonies associated with the pope or the papal system of the Roman Catholic Church and , with what Milton called , the implicit faith of its members . The anti - Catholic ideas in Milton 's writing are in direct response to the tolerant stance of King Charles II of England toward the Roman Catholic Church . Pro - Catholic sentiments had not been popular in England since the very bloody reign of the devout Roman Catholic queen Mary I of England . The obvious anti - Catholic ideas present in Milton 's writing , coupled with Milton 's own influence , may have inspired such social movements as the Glorious Revolution of 1688 and the eventual passing of the Popery Act of 1698 .

Yale College is the undergraduate liberal arts college of Yale University . Founded in 1701 , it is the original school of the university . Although other schools of the university were founded as early as 1810 , all of Yale was officially known as Yale College until 1887 , when its schools were confederated and the institution was renamed Yale University . Originally established to train Congregationalist ministers , the college began teaching humanities and natural sciences by the late 18th century . At the same time , students began organizing extracurricular organizations , first literary societies , and later publications , sports teams , and singing groups . By the mid-19th century , it was the largest college in the United States . In 1847 , it was joined by another undergraduate degree - granting school at Yale , the Sheffield Scientific School , which was absorbed into the college in the mid-20th century . These merged curricula became the basis of the modern - day liberal arts curriculum , which requires students to take courses in a broad range of subjects , including foreign language , composition , sciences , and quantitative reasoning , in addition to electing a departmental major in their sophomore year . The most distinctive feature of undergraduate life is the school 's system of residential colleges , established in 1932 and modeled after constituent schools of English universities . All undergraduates live in these colleges after their freshman year , when most live on the school 's Old Campus .

Peter Iwers ( born on 15 May 1975 ) is the former bass player of the Swedish band In Flames . He played with In Flames from their 1999 album Colony , up until their 2016 album Battles , originally replacing Johan Larsson who departed after 1997 's Whoracle . He was also the bassist for the band Cyhra with former In Flames bandmate Jesper Strömblad from 2017 to 2018 . His bass playing style has been influenced by Toto bassist Mike Porcaro , as well as Geddy Lee from Rush and John Myung of Dream Theater fame . He has two daughters and one son . His brother Anders is also a bass player , who plays for Tiamat , Avatarium ( 2014- ) & Dark Tranquillity ( 2015- ) . He now brews beer at his brewery outside Gothenburg , Odd Island Brewing , together with his co - owner Daniel Svensson . Before he joined in Flames , Iwers played in a band called Chameleon .

Garlin Murl Conner ( 2 June 1919 – 5 November 1998 ) was a United States Army technical sergeant and first lieutenant in the Second World War . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , four Silver Stars , and the French Croix de guerre for his heroic actions in Italy and France during the war . During his campaigns , he was wounded three times . An attempt to upgrade Conner 's Distinguished Service Cross to the Medal of Honor , the United States military 's highest decoration for valor , took 22 years . On 29 March 2018 , the White House announced President Trump would award the Medal of Honor to Garlin Murl Conner in a ceremony at the White House . On 26 June 2018 , the president presented the medal to Pauline Conner , his widow , in a ceremony in the East Room .

Pro Patria ( ) is a conservative political party in Estonia . It was founded on 4 June 2006 when two conservative parties , Pro Patria Union and Res Publica Party merged . Up to the 2007 parliamentary elections , the party held 32 seats out of 101 in the Riigikogu ( the Estonian parliament ) and one of Estonia 's six seats in the European Parliament . The party is a member of the European People 's Party ( EPP ) . It has about 8,500 members . The merged party consisted of two separate boards and two party leaders , which was replaced by a unified board and leader in May 2007 . The party 's prime minister candidate was Mart Laar , who became a chairman of the party . It held the name Pro Patria and Res Publica Union until 2 June 2018 , when the party changed its name to Pro Patria ( , meaning literally Fatherland ) .

" As If We Never Said Goodbye " is a song from the musical Sunset Boulevard . It is written by Don Black , Christopher Hampton ( with additional lyrics by Amy Powers ) , and Andrew Lloyd Webber . Ben Rimalower on Playbill calls it Andrew Lloyd Webber 's greatest song . In Sunset Boulevard , the main character , Norma Desmond , reveals her longing to return to the spotlight of fame . The song has also been performed by Barbra Streisand , and is featured on her album Back to Broadway , as well as the live albums The Concert and Back to Brooklyn . Elaine Paige , who starred in the original London and Broadway productions of Sunset Boulevard , also recorded the song for her album Encore . Chris Colfer ( as Kurt Hummel ) sings the song on the Glee Season 2 episode " Born This Way " . Jason Manford recorded the song for his 2017 album A Different Stage .

Emil Boc (; born 6 September 1966 ) is a Romanian politician who was Prime Minister of Romania from 22 December 2008 until 6 February 2012 and is the current Mayor of Cluj - Napoca , the largest city of Transylvania , where he was first elected in June 2004 . Boc was also the president of the Democratic Liberal Party , which proposed and supported him as Prime Minister in late 2008 , from December 2004 until June 2012 . On 13 October 2009 , his cabinet fell after losing a motion of no confidence in Parliament . He was acting as the head of acting cabinet until a new Prime Minister and cabinet were confirmed by Parliament . On 17 December 2009 , President Traian Băsescu designated him again to form a new government , receiving afterwards the vote of confidence from the Parliament .

The Institute for the German Language ( IDS ) ( in German : Institut für Deutsche Sprache ) in Mannheim , Germany is a linguistic and social research institute and a member of the Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz Scientific Community . Under the leadership of Prof . Dr. Dr. h.c . mult . Ludwig M. Eichinger , president of the Institute , and Prof . Dr. Arnulf Deppermann , vice president of the institute , IDS employs a staff of about 210 . The IDS was established in Mannheim in 1964 and is still headquartered there . It is the central state - aided institution for the study and documentation of the contemporary usage and recent history of the German language . The institute is organized as an NGO with a legal form of a foundation ( " Stiftung " ) .

Adolph Albrecht Erlenmeyer ( 11 July 1822 – 9 August 1877 ) was a German physician and psychiatrist born in Wiesbaden . He studied medicine in Marburg , Bonn and Berlin . At the University of Bonn he studied under surgeon Karl Wilhelm Wutzer ( 1789 – 1863 ) , and after receiving his doctorate from the University of Berlin , he was an assistant to psychiatrist Carl Wigand Maximilian Jacobi ( 1777 – 1858 ) at the asylum in Siegburg . As a young man , Erlenmeyer was influenced by Jacobi 's somatic approach to psychiatry , and felt that there needed to be a close unity of psychiatry and neurology . In 1848 he opened a private asylum in Bendorf bei Koblenz that was to become known as Asyl für Gehirn- und Nervenkranke . During the ensuing years the facility expanded , eventually having a department of neurology ( 1866 ) and an " agricultural colony " called Albrechtshöhe ( 1867 ) . In 1854 Erlenmeyer became a co - founder of the Deutsche Gesellschaft für Psychiatrie und gerichtliche Psychologie ( German Society for Psychiatry and Forensic Psychology ) . His son , psychiatrist Friedrich Albrecht Erlenmeyer ( 1849 – 1926 ) is remembered for his research of morphine addiction .

Da yuan shuai ( ta yuan shuai ; ) was a Chinese military rank , usually translated as grand marshal or generalissimo . During the early Republic of China , the rank of " grand marshal of the army and navy " ( 陸海軍大元帥 lù hǎijūn dàyuánshuài ) was assumed by Yuan Shikai in 1913 , Sun Yat - sen in 1917 and Zhang Zuolin in 1927 . The rank was replaced by the Nationalist Government with the " general special class " or " generalissimo " ( 特級上將 Tèjí shàng jiàng ) and awarded to Chiang Kai - shek in 1935 . The rank of " grand marshal of the People 's Republic of China " ( 中華人民共和國大元帥 Zhōnghuá rénmín gònghéguó dàyuánshuài ) was proposed after the establishment of the People 's Republic ( perhaps for Mao Zedong ) , but was never conferred .

The saiga antelope ( , Saiga tatarica ) is a critically endangered antelope that originally inhabited a vast area of the Eurasian steppe zone from the foothills of the Carpathian Mountains and Caucasus into Dzungaria and Mongolia . They also lived in Beringian North America during the Pleistocene . Today , the dominant subspecies ( S. t. tatarica ) is only found in one location in Russia ( in the Republic of Kalmykia and Astrakhan Oblast ) and three areas in Kazakhstan ( the Ural , Ustiurt , and Betpak - Dala populations ) . A proportion of the Ustiurt population migrates south to Uzbekistan and occasionally Turkmenistan in winter . It is extinct in the People 's Republic of China and southwestern Mongolia . It was hunted extensively in Romania and Moldova until it became extinct in those regions at the end of the 18th century . The Mongolian subspecies ( S. t. mongolica ) is found only in western Mongolia .

Girolamo Parabosco ( c. 1524 – April 21 , 1557 ) was an Italian writer , composer , organist , and poet of the Renaissance . He was born in Piacenza , the son of a famous organist , Vincenzo Parabosco . Little is known of his childhood , but he went to Venice early for his musical education and is mentioned as a student of Adrian Willaert , the founder of the Venetian School , near the end of 1541 . In 1546 he visited Florence as a guest of Francesco Corteccia , musician to the Medici and the leading musician of that city . After a period of travels , during which he visited other cities in northern Italy , he returned to Venice and became first organist at St. Mark 's , which was at that time becoming one of the most distinguished musical institutions in Italy . He remained employed by St. Mark 's for the rest of his life , and died in Venice in 1557 . He wrote Rime and prose comedies , but he is best known by I Diporti , a collection of stories after the model of Boccaccio 's Decameron supposed to be told by a fowling - party weatherbound on an island in the Venetian lagoons . Of his compositions , a book of madrigals for five voices , published in Venice in 1546 , remains , as well as four other madrigals published in 1541 and 1544 , and some instrumental music . The style of the madrigals is similar to that of Willaert , but even more densely polyphonic than that of his teacher ; they are more akin to motets than to most of the madrigals being written in Italy in the early 1540s . One of his instrumental works is a ricercar based on " Da Pacem " , the antiphon for peace ; it may have been written for the end of the war in 1540 between Venice and the Ottoman Turks .

The music for the 2013 action role - playing game , developed and published by Square Enix , was composed by Masashi Hamauzu , Naoshi Mizuta , and Mitsuto Suzuki . Hamauzu was the leader composer for XIII and XIII-2 , and Mizuta and Suzuki previously composed music for XIII-2 . Musicians who had previously worked with the composers on XIII-2 and The 3rd Birthday worked on the project in Japan , while the main soundtrack was performed and recorded in Boston by the Video Game Orchestra , conducted by Shota Nakama . Along with including more percussion and ethnic elements , the soundtrack used " Blinded by Light " , the main theme for main character Lightning , as a leitmotif . Unlike the previous XIII games , the soundtrack did not include a theme song , as the composers felt it would detract from the emotional impact of the ending . Three albums have been released : the promotional Lightning Returns : Final Fantasy XIII Pre Soundtrack in July 2013 , the Lightning Returns : Final Fantasy XIII Original Soundtrack in November 2013 , and Lightning Returns : Final Fantasy XIII Soundtrack Plus in March 2014 . The music has received a mostly positive response from reviewers . The main soundtrack , despite some tracks being critiqued , was generally praised as a good selection of music and a fitting conclusion to the music of the Final Fantasy XIII series . It was also praised by reviewers of the game as a whole . The Soundtrack Plus album was reviewed less favorably . Both commercial albums sold well enough to be placed on the Oricon charts , with the Original Soundtrack reaching # 29 and remaining on the charts for four weeks .

Hips and Makers is the debut solo album by Kristin Hersh , best known as the primary singer and songwriter of the band Throwing Muses . The album was released by 4AD in the UK on January 24 , 1994 , and by Sire Records in the US on February 1 , 1994 . In contrast to Hersh 's rock - oriented work with Throwing Muses , the album is primarily acoustic , with Hersh usually playing unaccompanied . Other credited musicians include Jane Scarpantoni on cello and Michael Stipe of R.E.M. , who sings backing vocals on the opening track , " Your Ghost . " In addition to Hersh 's own material , the album features a cover of the traditional song " The Cuckoo " . " It 's personal , literally so , " Hersh said , " Full of skin and coffee , shoes and sweat and babies and sex and food and stores – just stupid stuff that 's really a big deal . " The album peaked at # 7 in the UK Album Charts , the highest placing of any of Hersh 's offerings on her own or with Throwing Muses . The album peaked at # 197 on the US 's Billboard 200 Albums Chart . It also peaked at # 10 on the US 's Billboard Heatseekers Album Chart .

Casey Kelly is an American songwriter and musician . Kelly has written several Grammy - nominated songs . His many hits include four Top Ten Country Music Hits : " Anyone Who Is n't Me Tonight " by Kenny Rogers and Dottie West ( Grammy Nominated ) , " Soon " by Tanya Tucker ( Grammy Nominated ) , " Somewhere Down the Line " by T G Shepherd and country music standard , " The Cowboy Rides Away " by George Strait . He works as a session player and singer and performs in clubs and concerts for audiences throughout the US and Europe . A frequent mentor , panelist and workshop contributor , Casey is a member of ASCAP , NSAI the Songwriters Guild of America Board of Councilors . The Complete Idiot 's Guide to the Art of Songwriting is his first published book .

Kamehameha Highway is one of the main highways serving suburban and rural O‘ahu in the U.S. state of Hawaii . Starting from Nimitz Highway near Pearl Harbor and Hickam Air Force Base in Honolulu , it serves the island 's older western suburbs , turning north across the O‘ahu Central Valley to the North Shore . At the North Shore , Kamehameha Highway heads northeast around the northern tip of O‘ahu , then southeast to and just beyond Kāne‘ohe Bay on the windward coast . The road was named after King Kamehameha I. A short detached segment of the Kamehameha Highway exists for a few blocks in the Honolulu neighborhood of Kalihi . This segment runs as a short extension of Dillingham Boulevard from Puuhale Road ( near the Oahu Community Correctional Center ) to exit 18B on Interstate H-1 . This section was contiguous with the rest of the highway before the construction of the H-1 viaduct .

Miss Moneypenny , later assigned the first names of Eve or Jane , is a fictional character in the James Bond novels and films . She is secretary to M , who is Bond 's superior officer and head of the British Secret Intelligence Service ( MI6 ) . Although she has a small part in most of the films , it is always highlighted by the underscored romantic tension between her and Bond ( something that is virtually non - existent in Ian Fleming 's novels , though is somewhat more apparent in the Bond novels by John Gardner and Raymond Benson ) . On that note , she is not always considered to be a Bond girl , having never had anything more than a professional relationship with Bond . Although not given a first name by Fleming , the character was given the name Jane in the spin - off book series , The Moneypenny Diaries ; in the films , she received the first name of Eve in Skyfall ( 2012 ) , where the character spent time as a field agent before becoming secretary to M. According to the film You Only Live Twice ( 1967 ) , she holds the rank of second officer in the Women 's Royal Naval Service .

Wiesław Marian Chrzanowski ( , 20 December 1923 – 29 April 2012 ) was a Polish politician and lawyer ; from 1991 to 1993 he was Sejm Marshal . He was a recipient of the Order of the White Eagle . Chrzanowski was born and died in Warsaw , Poland . During World War II he was a member of the Polish anti - Nazi resistance organization , the Home Army . He finished a law degree at a secret underground university in 1945 . During the second half of the 1970s he became associated with the opposition to the communist government in Poland . He helped to draft the statutes establishing the Solidarity trade union and later was the lawyer which guided the legal registration process of the organization . In 1989 he founded the Christian National Union ( ZChN ) , party he chaired to 1994 .

Everard des Barres ( also Eberhard von Barres or Eberhard De Bären ) ( died 1174 ) was the third Grand Master of the Knights Templar from 1147 to 1151 . As Preceptor of the Templars in France from 1143 , he was one of the highest dignitaries of the Order when Robert de Craon died in 1147 . He was chosen to succeed Robert , and as soon as he was elected , he accompanied Louis VII of France on the Second Crusade , and was among those sent ahead to Constantinople before Louis ' arrival there . He later saved Louis during a battle with the Seljuk Turks in Pisidia . According to the chronicler Odo of Deuil , Everard was extremely pious and valiant . He seems to have had a strong influence on Louis . After the failure of the crusade at the Siege of Damascus in 1148 , Louis returned to France , followed by Everard , who was in charge of the king 's treasury . Everard 's Templars stayed behind and helped defend Jerusalem against a Turkish raid in 1149 . Back in France , Everard abdicated officially in 1151 and became a monk at Clairvaux , despite the protests of the Templars . He was succeeded by Bernard de Tremelay ( who actually led the Order since Everard 's departure in 1149 ) and died in 1174 .

DNEG ( formerly known as Double Negative ) is a British motion picture visual effects and computer animation and stereo conversion company that was founded in 1998 in London . The company has received four Academy Awards for its work on the films Inception , Interstellar , Ex Machina and Blade Runner 2049 . In addition , DNEG has received BAFTA awards for Inception , Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2 , Interstellar , Blade Runner 2049 and Black Mirrors " Metalhead " , and Visual Effects Society awards for its work on films such as The Dark Knight Rises , Sherlock Holmes , Inception , Interstellar , Dunkirk and Blade Runner 2049 . DNEG is headquartered in Fitzrovia , London , with additional locations in Vancouver , Mumbai , Los Angeles , Chennai , Montréal , Hyderabad , Chandigarh , and Goa .

Adolphe Deschamps (; also Dechamps ; 17 June 1807 – 19 July 1875 ) was a Belgian statesman and publisher , the brother of Cardinal Victor - Auguste - Isidor Deschamps . He entered public life about 1830 and soon became popular through his contributions to several Catholic newspapers . Having founded , with his friend Pierre de Decker , La Revue de Bruxelles , he advocated in that paper a system of parliamentary government which was termed " government of the centres " . The ministries were to be composed of Catholics and Liberals and to be supported by the moderate elements of the two parties . The scheme worked for some years . In 1834 Dechamps was elected to the Belgian Chamber of Representatives , where his talent as an orator soon secured him a prominent position . In 1836 he participated very actively in the discussion of the bill on the organization of the communes , and in 1839 he opposed the Treaty of London , 1839 . The Great Powers had imposed that treaty on Belgium and the Netherlands in 1834 , but the latter had delayed accepting it in the hope that she might eventually obtain better conditions . Deschamps , with many others , held that by this delay the Netherlands had forfeited her right to the advantages granted her by the Powers and they urged the Government to appeal to arms rather than to surrender any part of Belgian territory . This warlike policy , however , would have been opposed by the Great Powers , and peace was finally signed with the Netherlands . He also played a leading part in the passing of the bill on elementary education . Up to 1842 there had been no elementary public schools in Belgium , although there were numerous schools organized under the direction of the clergy . One of the provisions of the new bill enacted that religious instruction was to form an essential part of public education and to be under the control of the clergy . The bill was passed almost unanimously by the votes of both Catholics and Liberals . From 1843 to 1848 Dechamps was a member of several ministries . After the defeat of his party in 1848 he became the leader of the Catholic minority in the Chamber of Representatives and retained that position for several years . In 1864 he retired from politics and engaged in financial enterprises , but his ventures proved unsuccessful .

Gary Tibbs ( born Gary Brian Tibbs , 25 January 1958 ) is a bass guitarist and actor . He is best known as a member of Adam and the Ants and Roxy Music . He also appeared ( playing the part of bass guitarist , Dave ) in the film Breaking Glass , alongside Hazel O'Connor . Tibbs was born in Northwood , London . He was a member of Adam and the Ants , and is mentioned by name in the lyrics of the band 's UK top ten hit " Ant Rap " . At various times he was a member of Zu Zu Sharks , Code Blue , Roxy Music , The Vibrators and The Fixx . He first played on The Fixx 's 2003 album , Want That Life . Tibbs also played on select tracks on Brian May ’s 1993 solo album Back to the Light . He also formed a band called Merrick and Tibbs with Chris Hughes ( a.k.a . Merrick ) , just after leaving Adam & the Ants . They released a single in 1982 entitled " Call of the Wild " . In February 2008 , Tibbs left The Fixx upon the return of previous bassist , Dan K. Brown .

The Jakarta International Film Festival ( JIFFEST ) is the major film festival of Indonesia held every December in the capital , Jakarta , since 1999 . The number of Indonesian films shown at the festival had grown from four in 1999 to around 100 by 2009 . Since 2006 , JIFFEST has hosted an Indonesian Feature Film Competition with foreign film professionals acting as juries . JIFFEST 's script development competition and workshop winners include Wahyu Aditya ( 2004 ) , World Champion International Young Creative Entrepreneur of the Year ( 2007 ) ; Tumpal Tampubolon ( 2005 ) , Asian Young Filmmakers Fellow Korea ( 2008 ) ; Salman Aristo ( 2006 ) , writer of Ayat - Ayat Cinta ( 2007 ) , Laskar Pelangi ( 2008 ) , and Garuda di Dadaku ( 2009 ) ; Yuli Andari Merdekaningtyas ( 2006 ) , and director of Suster Apung , winner of Eagle Awards Metro TV ( 2006 ) . The festival is on a shaky financial footing and is hoping to continue by switching its funding source from foreign donors to government grants and private donations .

Heloísa Maria Buarque de Hollanda ( born November 30 , 1937 in Rio de Janeiro ) , whose artistic name is Miúcha , is a Brazilian singer and composer . She is the daughter of historian Sérgio Buarque de Holanda and Maria Amélia Cesário Alvim , and sister of the singer and composer Chico Buarque and two other singers Ana de Hollanda ( prior Ministry of Culture in Brazil ) and Cristina . Her career began in 1975 working with her husband at that time , João Gilberto , and Stan Getz , recorded as a participant in the disc The Best of Two Worlds . This was followed by forays into jazz with Tom Jobim , Vinícius de Moraes , João Gilberto and her daughter Bebel Gilberto .

Ghoncheh Ghavami ( born 1989 ) also spelled as Goncheh Ghavami ( ) is a British - Iranian law graduate of the School of Oriental and African Studies , University of London who was held in solitary confinement in Evin Prison for protesting for equal access to sporting events in Iran . On 20 June 2014 she was arrested for the first time after she attempted to attend a men - only volleyball match in Azadi Indoor Stadium of Tehran . Although she was released on the same day , she was re - arrested days later when she returned to collect her belongings ; she was then taken to Evin Prison . Her arrest raised international protests , but Iranian officials denied the link between her arrest and the volleyball match . She was charged with " propaganda against the regime " , according to Gholamhossein Mohseni - Ejeie , the second - ranking member of Iran 's judiciary . Women have been prohibited from attending male - only football matches in Iran since 1979 , and was extended to volleyball matches in 2012 . Eventually , Ghavami was released on bail on 23 November 2014 . She was sentenced to a one - year jail term and a two - year travel ban .

The Council for Mutual Economic Assistance ( , ; English abbreviation , , or ) was an economic organization from 1949 to 1991 under the leadership of the Soviet Union that comprised the countries of the Eastern Bloc along with a number of communist states elsewhere in the world . The descriptive term was often applied to all multilateral activities involving members of the organization , rather than being restricted to the direct functions of Comecon and its organs . This usage was sometimes extended as well to bilateral relations among members because in the system of socialist international economic relations , multilateral accords typically of a general nature tended to be implemented through a set of more detailed , bilateral agreements . Moscow was concerned about the Marshall Plan . Comecon was meant to prevent countries in the Soviet sphere of influence from moving towards that of the Americans and South - East Asia . Comecon was the Eastern Bloc 's reply to the formation in Western Europe of the Marshall Plan .

" Annabel Lee " is the last complete poem composed by American author Edgar Allan Poe . Like many of Poe 's poems , it explores the theme of the death of a beautiful woman . The narrator , who fell in love with Annabel Lee when they were young , has a love for her so strong that even angels are envious . He retains his love for her even after her death . There has been debate over who , if anyone , was the inspiration for " Annabel Lee " . Though many women have been suggested , Poe 's wife Virginia Eliza Clemm Poe is one of the more credible candidates . Written in 1849 , it was not published until shortly after Poe 's death that same year .

The Norwegian Writers ' Center ( ) is an organization of Norwegian poets and fiction writers that encourages interactions among writers and the general public . It is funded by the Norwegian Ministry of Culture and Church Affairs and promotes literacy through poetry readings , public talks , conferences , presentations in schools , and cultural events . Writers resident in Norway having published at least one work of fiction ( novels , poetry and children ’s books ) , are eligible for membership . The Norwegian Writers ' Center was established in 1968 under the initiative of the authors Einar Økland , Bjørn Nilsen and Tor Obrestad . Today the writer ’s center has over 900 author and has offices in Oslo , Bergen , Trondheim and Tromsø . The current leader , resident since 2001 is the author Tom Lotherington .

The Hind Rattan ( Hindi phrase translated to English as " Jewel of India " ) is one of the highest Indian diasporic awards granted annually to non - resident persons of Indian origin ( NRIs ) by the NRI Welfare Society of India . The award is granted at the Society 's annual congress on the eve of India 's Republic Day , in conjunction with national Pravasi Bharatiya Divas celebrations . The award ceremony is attended by senior members of the Government of India and of the Supreme Court of India . The number of awardees varies each year , but is generally about 25 to 30 . Criteria for award selection are not published by the Society ; award selections are made among the Society leadership and awardees are invited to attend the conference in New Delhi to accept their awards . This award is considered the highest award for NRIs , PIO . The award carries no financial benefit other than its own honour ; no cash or other benefit accrues to the awardee . Former President of India ( Shri Pranab Mukharjee , Smt . Pratibha Devi Patil ) former Prime Ministers of india ( Sri HD Devegowda , Dr. Manmohan Singh ) and other eminent dignitaries were invited to give this award . At the same annual congress , the NRI Welfare Society also selects nine honorees ( generally from among previous Hind Rattan honorees ) for their Nav Rattan ( " Nine Jewels " ) award , and on occasion , a single Sword of Honour awardee .

State Border of Ukraine ( , Derzhavnyi Kordon Ukrayiny , for brevity - DerzhKordon ) is an international boundary of the state territory of Ukraine . According to the Article 1 of the Law of Ukraine on the State Border it is a line and a vertical surface that stretches along that line , which define the boundary of territory of Ukraine over the land , water , and air space . Protection of the State Border of Ukraine is conducted by the State Border Guard Service of Ukraine ( on the Earth 's surface ) and the Armed Forces of Ukraine ( in air and underwater ) . The border was officially established by the Law of Ukraine " On Legal Succession of Ukraine " ( September 12 , 1991 ) and " On State Border of Ukraine " ( November 4 , 1991 ) . On 1 January 2018 Ukraine introduced biometric controls for Russians entering the country . On 22 March 2018 Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko signed a decree that required Russian citizens and " individuals without citizenship , who come from migration risk countries ” ( more details were not given ) to notify the Ukrainian authorities in advance about their reason for travelling to Ukraine .

Semir Ben - Amor ( born May 5 , 1982 ) is a Finnish retired professional ice hockey player who last played for Ässät of the SM - liiga . Ben - Amor was born and raised in Espoo Tapiola . Ben - Amor was a key player in the 2012 notorious practice game between HIFK and Jokerit , where multiple long suspensions were given for violent and unsportsmanlike behavior to players as well as coaches from both teams . Ben - Amor was given the longest suspension of 18 games for checking Ville Peltonen from a blind spot in the middle of the ice , and then beating him while he was down and rendering him unconscious . Reportedly , someone from Jokerit 's command told Ben - Amor to take him down , and the league gave the head and assisting coach both a suspension of eight games with clear signs of encouraging players to break the rules . Ben - Amor denies this , saying it was his own decision , but he regrets how it ultimately happened . In December 2012 , he was fined € 3,540 for assault . His 18 game suspension remains the third longest in the league 's history , behind Ari Lähteenmäki 's 27 game suspension in 1986 for cross - checking and violence , and Jere Karalahti 's 22 game suspension in 1997 for the use of drugs .

The Polaris expedition of 1871 – 1873 was led by the American Charles Francis Hall , who intended it to be the first expedition to reach the North Pole . Sponsored by the United States government , it was one of the first serious attempts at the Pole , after that of British naval officer William Edward Parry , who , in 1827 , reached 82 ° 45'N. The expedition failed at its main objective , being hampered by insubordination , incompetence , and poor leadership . Under Hall 's command , the departed from New York City in . By October , the men were wintering on the shore of northern Greenland , making preparations for the trip to the Pole . Hall returned to the ship from an exploratory sledging journey , and promptly fell ill . Before he died , he accused members of the crew of poisoning him . An exhumation of his body in 1968 revealed that he had ingested a large quantity of arsenic in the last two weeks of his life . The expedition 's notable achievement was reaching 82 ° 29'N by ship , a record at the time . On the way southward , nineteen members of the expedition became separated from the ship and drifted on an ice floe for six months and before being rescued . The damaged Polaris was run aground and wrecked near Etah , Greenland , in . The remaining men were able to survive the winter , and were rescued the following summer . A naval board of inquiry investigated Hall 's death , but no charges were ever laid .

Thomas Christian Tychsen ( 8 May 1758 , Horsbüll – 23 October 1834 , Göttingen ) was a German orientalist and Lutheran theologian . He is known for his 1823 grammar of the Arabic language . He studied theology and philology in Kiel and Göttingen , followed by an educational tour through Europe ; France , Spain and Lombardy , completed with a lengthy stay in Vienna . In 1788 , he became a full professor of theology at the University of Göttingen . He was a full member of the Göttingen Academy of Sciences and was associated with several foreign scientific societies . He was the author of a book on Arabic grammar , Grammatik der arabischen Schriftsprache ( 1823 ) , and edited works of the Greek poet Quintus Smyrnaeus . Among his better known students were Orientalists Wilhelm Gesenius ( 1786 - 1842 ) and Heinrich Ewald ( 1803 - 1875 ) .

Domenico Trezzini ( c. 1670 – 1734 ) was a Swiss Italian architect who elaborated the Petrine Baroque style of Russian architecture . Domenico was born in Astano , Landvogtei of Lugano ( at that time a condominium of the Old Swiss Confederacy ) , in the Italian - speaking Ticino . He probably studied in Rome . Subsequently , as he was working in Denmark , he was offered by Peter I of Russia , among other architects , to design buildings in the new Russian capital city , St. Petersburg . Since 1703 , when the city was founded , he substantially contributed to its most representative buildings . The Peter and Paul Fortress with the Peter and Paul Cathedral , the Twelve Collegia Building ( now the main building of Saint Petersburg University ) as well as Peter 's Summer House count among his many achievements . He also helped found and design Kronstadt and the Alexander Nevsky Monastery . Domenico Trezzini was very important for another aspect of Russian architectural history : in founding a school based on the European model , he laid the foundations for the development of the Petrine Baroque . As a testimony of the cordial relationship that linked Domenico Trezzini with the Tsar , his son Pietro ( who also became a noted architect , not to be confused with Pietro Antonio Trezzini ) had Peter I of Russia himself as a godfather .

John J. Pershing College was a private liberal arts college that operated from 1966 to 1971 in Beatrice , Nebraska , United States . Pershing was one of several Midwestern colleges established by local civic leaders with the support and encouragement of Parsons College in Fairfield , Iowa . These Parsons " satellite schools " were by - products of the strong growth and apparent success of Parsons during the late 1950s and early 1960s , and all followed the " Parsons Plan " academic model developed at that school . None of the schools , however , were ultimately successful . The " Parsons Plan " academic model employed at Pershing was the brainchild of Millard Roberts , the president of Parsons College from 1955 to 1967 . The multi - faceted plan featured innovative teaching and administrative techniques , and emphasized the recruitment of a geographically and academically diverse student body . Among other characteristics , the " Parsons Plan " schools welcomed unconventional students who had not seen success at other colleges . In the 1960s , the schools were also attended by a substantial number of young men seeking draft deferments that would allow them to avoid military service during the Vietnam War . At least initially , Pershing 's reputation and fortunes were strongly tied to those of Parsons , and when Parsons faltered in the late 1960s the prospects for Pershing and the other Parsons satellite schools grew bleak . Although the satellite schools ended their relationships with Parsons , they suffered from a lack of funding , high student turnover , and accreditation issues . Ultimately , none of the " Parsons Plan " colleges became economically viable , and all closed by the mid-1970s . Pershing College ceased operating in 1971 , and its former site is now occupied by the Beatrice campus of Southeast Community College .

Paul H. Crane is an American obstetrician and gynecologist . The location of his practice in the Beverly Hills area of Los Angeles has caused him to feature in numerous television programmes performing procedures at the request of patients who are prominent figures in the entertainment industry . Crane is considered the entertainment industry 's favorite doctor for obstetrics . Crane has provided information on parenting , advances in delivery practices , pregnancy diets and natural births . Crane is also shown on E ! Entertainment Television 's Keeping Up with the Kardashians providing a sonogram to determine the sex of patient Kim Kardashian 's child . He is shown in another episode delivering the baby of Kourtney Kardashian . Kris Jenner has also revealed that he is her doctor . Crane was voted Castle Connoly 's Top Regional Doctor in 2014 . He also received a Lifetime Achievement Award from the Doulas Association of Southern California . He is an adviser to El Nido Family Centres , a non - profit agency providing counseling and family support services to disadvantaged communities in Los Angeles .

Yahya Skaf , also spelled Yehia Skaff ( Arabic : يحيى سكاف ) , from the Bhanine ( Menyeh ) district of Lebanon , is a person claimed to have been arrested by Israel on 11 March 1978 for participation in the Coastal Road massacre . Israel claims he was killed during battle with his body never found . It is claimed by the Khiam Center that his family and some released detainees have borne witness to his imprisonment . A supporter of the Syrian Social Nationalist Party , he subsequently joined Fatah to participate in military operations against Israel . Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah suggested Skaf be a part of a prisoner exchange during the 2006 Lebanon War . However , he was not included in the July 2008 prisoner exchange .

The Oak Hill Cemetery Chapel , also known as the Renwick Chapel or James Renwick Chapel , is a historic building in the Georgetown neighborhood of Washington , D.C. , United States . Designed by James Renwick , Jr. in 1850 , Oak Hill Cemetery Chapel is the architect 's only known example of Gothic Revival church architecture in Washington , D.C. It is located on the highest ridge in Oak Hill Cemetery , near the intersection of 29th and R Streets NW . The chapel is one of two structures in Oak Hill Cemetery listed on the National Register of Historic Places , the other being the Van Ness Mausoleum . The chapel , mausoleum , and cemetery are contributing properties to the Georgetown Historic District , a National Historic Landmark .

Theodor Hermann Meynert ( 15 June 1833 – 31 May 1892 ) was a German - Austrian psychiatrist , neuropathologist and anatomist born in Dresden . Meynert believed that disturbances in brain development could be a predisposition for psychiatric illness and that certain psychoses are reversible . In 1861 he earned his medical doctorate , and in 1875 became director of the psychiatric clinic associated with the University of Vienna . Some of his better known students in Vienna were Josef Breuer , Sigmund Freud , who in 1883 worked at Meynert 's psychiatric clinic , and Julius Wagner - Jauregg , who introduced fever treatment for syphilis . Meynert later distanced himself from Freud because of the latter 's involvement with practices such as hypnosis . Meynert also ridiculed Freud 's idea of male hysteria ; though some authors believe this to be due to his own hidden suffering of the illness , prompting a reconciliation with Freud near to his death . Other famous students of Meynert 's were Russian neuropsychiatrist Sergei Korsakoff ( 1854 – 1900 ) , German neuropathologist Carl Wernicke ( 1848–1905 ) and Swiss neuroanatomist Auguste - Henri Forel ( 1848 – 1931 ) . Meynert 's work was an important influence in the career of German neuropathologist Paul Flechsig ( 1847 – 1929 ) .

Children Without Worms ( CWW ) is a global collaborative health programme among two pharmaceutical giants , Johnson & Johnson and GlaxoSmithKline , and a nonprofit organisation , the Task Force for Global Health . The cooperative goal is to support the treatment and prevention of parasitic infection with soil - transmitted helminths , which are the major cause of morbidity in school - age children , especially those living in Africa , Asia and South America . CWW is an effort to make the world 's children free of soil - transmitted helminthiasis so that they can grow , play , learn normally and enrich their communities . To accomplish the mission , CWW works closely with the World Health Organization , regional government ministries and nongovernmental organizations . It partners with Helen Keller International to work in Cambodia , World Wildlife Fund in Cameroon , and Save the Children in Bangladesh .

Burchmulla ( also spelled Brichmulla and Brich - Mulla , Russian : Брич-Мулла́ ) is a village in the northeast of Tashkent Province , Uzbekistan , by the Koksu River near its inflow into the Charvak Reservoir by the southwestern extremity of the Koksu Ridge , west Tian Shan . It is about 120   km NEE from Tashkent . By 2005 , Brichmulla had population of 4,100 in 760 families . A Neanderthal archaeological site exists near Brichmulla . In mediaeval times , Brichmulla was an important town , a fortress and mining location . Polymetallic and other deposits are known in the area , including arsenic , bismuth , lead and silver . In 18 - 19th centuries gold was extracted by washing through wool carpets Brichmulla is also known in Russian culture due to the song Brich - Mulla by Tatyana and Sergey Nikitin .

Władysław Hugo Dionizy Steinhaus ( January 14 , 1887 – February 25 , 1972 ) was a Jewish - Polish mathematician and educator . Steinhaus obtained his PhD under David Hilbert at Göttingen University in 1911 and later became a professor at the Jan Kazimierz University in Lwów ( now Lviv , Ukraine ) , where he helped establish what later became known as the Lwów School of Mathematics . He is credited with " discovering " mathematician Stefan Banach , with whom he gave a notable contribution to functional analysis through the Banach – Steinhaus theorem . After World War II Steinhaus played an important part in the establishment of the mathematics department at Wrocław University and in the revival of Polish mathematics from the destruction of the war . Author of around 170 scientific articles and books , Steinhaus has left his legacy and contribution in many branches of mathematics , such as functional analysis , geometry , mathematical logic , and trigonometry . Notably he is regarded as one of the early founders of game theory and probability theory which led to later development of more comprehensive approaches by other scholars .

In American , Canadian and Philippine broadcasting , a city of license or community of license is the community that a radio station or television station is officially licensed to serve by that country 's broadcast regulator . In North American broadcast law , the concept of community of license dates to the early days of AM radio broadcasting . The requirement that a broadcasting station operate a main studio within a prescribed distance of the community which the station is licensed to serve appears in U.S. law as early as 1939 . Various specific obligations have been applied to broadcasters by governments to fulfill public policy objectives of broadcast localism , both in radio and later also in television , based on the legislative presumption that a broadcaster fills a similar role to that held by community newspaper publishers .

Miguel Zavaleta ( Buenos Aires , Argentina , February 16 , 1955 ) is a musician , singer and composer Argentinian rock . He led the group of new wave and rock , Suéter , call between 1981 and 2007 . He is the author of most of the successes of Suéter , including : « Amanece en la ruta » , « Él anda diciendo » , « Comiendo gefilte fish » , « Desvanecidos » and « Extraño ser » . After the breakup of the band , Zavaleta , begins his solo career with his first album titled No sé , quizás , suerte , released independently in 2011 . It was produced by Palo Pandolfo and Mario Breuer . This disc was not recorded in any record company , so the artist had to hang it on the Internet . In addition to his solo career , he has participated in over twenty - five recordings of other artists , including : Charly Garcia , Fito Paez , Fabiana Cantilo , Los Twist , Los Auténticos Decadentes , Bersuit Vergarabat , among others . He had a small role in the US - Argentina co production film , entitled The Warrior and the Sorceress in 1984 , as a Zeg 's Guard and was credited as " Michael Zane " .

Batman : Arkham Origins Blackgate is a 2013 2.5D video game developed by Armature Studio and released by Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment for the Nintendo 3DS and PlayStation Vita handheld game consoles . Based on the DC Comics superhero Batman , it is a companion to the 2013 video game , and is a part of the series . It was released worldwide on October 25 , 2013 , with the Nintendo 3DS version releasing in Europe on November 8 , 2013 . The game was released in Japan on December 5 , 2013 , same date as Arkham Origins for home consoles , exclusively for the PlayStation Vita . A deluxe edition was announced and released for the Wii U eShop , PlayStation Network , Microsoft Windows and Xbox Live Arcade on April 1 , 2014 in North America and April 2 , 2014 in Europe . It features new maps , enemy encounters , difficulty levels , batsuits , and enhanced visuals from the original .

" Insane in the Mainframe " is the twelfth episode of the third season of the American animated sitcom Futurama . It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on April 8 , 2001 . The episode was written by Bill Odenkirk and directed by Peter Avanzino . In the episode , Fry and Bender are admitted to an insane asylum for robots after being charged for their roles in holding up a bank . Fry 's attempts to convince the asylum 's staff that he is a human fail ; he is eventually made to believe that he is a robot , and is deemed " cured " and released from the asylum . After being released , the Planet Express crew try to make him rediscover his humanity ; these attempts fail , until Fry bleeds and realizes he is in fact , human . The episode introduces the recurring Futurama character Roberto .

Ejaz Ahmed Chaudhary commonly referred to as Ejaz Chaudhary ( born 15 September 1956 ) is a prominent Pakistani politician , social worker , civil engineer by profession and an ex - deputy mayor of Lahore . Chaudhary was previously a member of Jamaat - e - Islami where he spent 35 years of his political career before leaving the party , by 2007 Chaudhary had joined Imran Khan 's Pakistan Tehreek - e - Insaf after receiving a personal invitation from Khan himself to join the party . He is currently serving as Imran Khan 's chief political advisor , and served as the Punjab President of the party from 2013 - 15 . After becoming Punjab President he serves on both the Central executive committee and Core committee ( Politburo ) Chaudhary 's political views are frequently described as moderate , based on the principals of Islam and of communal tolerance He frequently helps female members of his party by organising protests to condemn the abuse and assault of women in Pakistan A bill against Domestic violence had been sent by the Chaudhary to the Punjab assembly , which after pending a vote for 3 years was approved by the government and opposition Chaudhary is a former deputy mayor of Lahore .

Killer Klowns from Outer Space is a 1988 American science fiction horror comedy film written , directed and produced by the Chiodo Brothers , and starring Grant Cramer , Suzanne Snyder , John Allen Nelson and John Vernon . It is the only film to be written and directed by the Chiodo Brothers . The film is about a clan of evil aliens from an unknown region , who all resemble circus clowns . They arrive on Earth and invade a small town in order to capture , kill , and harvest the human inhabitants to use as sustenance . Killer Klowns from Outer Space was filmed in Watsonville , California and at the Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk . The film utilizes practical effects , including rubber suits . The score was composed by John Massari . The film received generally positive reviews and has been considered a cult classic . A sequel has been in development hell since the original film 's release , with Stephen Chiodo having stated that he hopes to produce a series of films with a total of four installments , or a television series based on the film . The SyFy channel announced on October 22 , 2018 that it was in talks to purchase the rights to the film in order to produce a sequel .

Walid Khalidi ( , born 1925 in Jerusalem ) is an Oxford University - educated Palestinian historian who has written extensively on the Palestinian exodus . He is General Secretary and co - founder of the Institute for Palestine Studies , established in Beirut in December 1963 as an independent research and publishing center focusing on the Palestine problem and the Arab – Israeli conflict . Khalidi 's first teaching post was at Oxford , a position he resigned from in 1956 in protest at the British invasion of Suez . He was Professor of Political Studies at the American University of Beirut until 1982 and thereafter a research fellow at the Harvard Center for International Affairs . He has also taught at Princeton University . He is a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences . He has been influential in scholarship , institutional development and diplomacy . His academic work in particular , according to Rashid Khalidi , has played a key role in shaping both Palestinian and broader Arab reactions to the loss of Palestine , and in outlining ways for the former to ensure that they remain visible as a presence within the Middle East map .

Stenanthium densum is a poisonous but spectacular monocot wildflower native to pine barrens of the eastern United States . Stenanthium leimanthoides is either treated as a synonym of this species or as a separate species . It is known variously as Osceola 's plume , crowpoison , or black snakeroot . Within the family Melanthiaceae , it is placed in the tribe Melanthieae . Molecular phylogenetic studies in the 21st century have resulted in substantial rearrangement of the species in this tribe , many being moved to different genera . S.   densum was previously placed in Zigadenus as Z.   densum , and will be found under this name in older sources . It is native to the southernmost Gulf Coast , from eastern Louisiana east , down through most of Florida , and to the easternmost Atlantic Coast north to Rhode Island , seldom far from the coast .

" The One with the Princess Leia Fantasy " is the season premiere of the third season of the American and the 49th episode overall of television situation comedy Friends , which was broadcast on NBC on September 19 , 1996 . The plot has Ross ( David Schwimmer ) tell girlfriend Rachel ( Jennifer Aniston ) the titular fantasy . In subplots , Monica ( Courteney Cox ) tries to get over her break - up with Richard , while Joey ( Matt LeBlanc ) has to cope with Chandler 's ( Matthew Perry ) annoying girlfriend Janice being around . The episode was directed by Gail Mancuso , written by Michael Curtis and Gregory S. Malins and guest stars Maggie Wheeler as Janice and Elliott Gould and Christina Pickles in cameos as Jack and Judy Geller .

Jacques Prost , born in 1946 in Bourg - en - Bresse , is a French physicist , General director of École supérieure de physique et de chimie industrielles de la ville de Paris , member of the French Academy of Sciences . Alumni of the École normale supérieure de Saint - Cloud ( sciences ) ( 1965 ) , Jacques Prost studied at Harvard University and founded and head ( 1987 – 1995 ) the " Theoretical Physico - Chemistry " Group of the ESPCI ParisTech under the direction of Pierre - Gilles de Gennes . His group studied liquid crystal and soft matter properties . In 1996 , he founded the group " Physical Chemistry Curie " lab at the Curie Institute ( Paris ) . His group studies physical approaches to biological problems and describes cell motion , molecular motors , the properties of biological membranes and protein adhesion . Jacques Prost was the scientific advisor to Elf Aquitaine from 1990 to 1999 . He is a member of the French Academy of Sciences since 2007 . Jacques Prost has been the General director of ESPCI ParisTech , since 2003 .

Nancy H. Rubin served as U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Commission on Human Rights and as a Presidential Appointee to the White House Council for Community Solutions . Rubin serves on the boards of the National Democratic Institute , Pacific Council , and Women for Women International . Rubin served on the United Nations Association Strategy Committee and Human Rights Task Force and is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations . She has served in the administrations of Presidents Jimmy Carter , Bill Clinton , and Barack Obama . Rubin served as a board member of OEF International and chaired the Committee on Women and Law and Development , which began legal literacy projects in Asia , Africa , and Latin America . Rubin is known for her advocacy of her social innovation to support communities and democratic institutions around the world , and for her work with government , the United Nations and NGOs .

" Clyde Bruckman 's Final Repose " is the fourth episode of the third season of the American science fiction television series The X - Files . Directed by David Nutter and written by Darin Morgan , the installment serves as a " Monster - of - the - Week " story — a stand - alone plot unconnected to the overarching mythology of The X - Files . Originally aired by the Fox network on October 13 , 1995 , " Clyde Bruckman 's Final Repose " received a Nielsen rating of 10.2 and was seen by 15.38 million viewers . The episode received critical acclaim , and several writers named it among the best in the series . The episode won both an Emmy for Outstanding Writing in a Drama Series as well as an Emmy for Outstanding Guest Actor in a Drama Series . The show centers on FBI special agents Fox Mulder ( David Duchovny ) and Dana Scully ( Gillian Anderson ) who work on cases linked to the paranormal , called X - Files . Mulder is a believer in the abnormal ; the skeptical Scully has been assigned to debunk his work , but the two have developed a deep friendship . In this episode , Mulder and Scully investigate a series of murders of psychics and fortune tellers . The two are assisted by Clyde Bruckman ( Peter Boyle ) , an enigmatic and reluctant individual who possesses the ability to foresee how people are going to die . Morgan wished to write an episode of The X - Files wherein one of the characters commits suicide at the end . Although Morgan was initially afraid to add humor to his script , he created a compromise by making the episode as dark as possible . Several of the characters ' names are references to silent film - era actors and screenwriters . Notably , the episode features a prediction by Bruckman — that Agent Scully will not die — that is later bookended by the sixth season episode " Tithonus . "

Desh Premee ( English translation The Patriot ) is a 1982 Hindi film directed by Manmohan Desai , starring Amitabh Bachchan in a dual role alongside an ensemble cast including Hema Malini , Navin Nischol , Parveen Babi , Shammi Kapoor , Uttam Kumar , Parikshit Sahni , Premnath , Sharmila Tagore and Amjad Khan . It was the fifth collaboration of Manmohan Desai and Amitabh Bachchan . The film was average at the box office , however both critically and commercially , it failed to re - create the magic of previous Amitabh - Manmohan Desai films . The film is dedicated to the memory of Mohammed Rafi , who sang the film 's title song and one of its cast members Uttam Kumar , both of whom died two years before the film was released . This was the only film for which music director Laxmikant was also a playback singer for one song . The songs were penned by Anand Bakshi .

Alexander Markey ( 1891 – 1958 ) was an American filmmaker and founder of Markey Films ( president Harry J. Thomas ) . He was born in Hungary and died in Switzerland . From 1928 to 1935 he was in New Zealand making films about the Māori people . In 1928 he was sent by Carle Laemmle of Universal Studios to make a film he called Taranga , but did not keep to schedule or make any effective footage . So the film was made as Under the Southern Cross by Lew Collins . Two years later and described as " somewhat eccentric " Markey then returned for the making of Hei Tiki ; originally a silent film , which was released in 1935 with music and voice - over added in America . The film was shot in Waihi . When shooting was finished Markey left for America with “ the film footage , many of the artifacts he had borrowed from Māori , a great many unpaid bills , and his partner Zoe Varney ” . He had obtained £ 10,000 from New Zealand investors , and borrowed taonga or cherished tribal artifacts from the Māori cast . He had fired Alfred Hill who was to write the music , and Ted Coubray the original cameraman , but sold Coubray ’s camera to his rivals the Welsh brothers . A 1935 New York Times review of Hei Tiki says that Merkey had been a lecturer and editor .

Joel Gordon Hodgson ( born February 20 , 1960 ) is an American writer , comedian and television actor . He is best known for creating Mystery Science Theater 3000 ( MST3 K ) and starring in it as the character Joel Robinson . In 2007 , MST3 K was listed as " one of the top 100 television shows of all time " by Time.com . Between 2007 – 2013 , Hodgson was part of the " movie riffing " project Cinematic Titanic with several of his fellow MST3 K alumni , performing live and producing content for DVDs and direct download . He also serves as Creative Lead for Media at Cannae , a Pennsylvania technology firm working on new drive technologies for satellites and other spacefaring vehicles .

Lestock Peach Wilson DesBrisay ( March 28 , 1820 – December 10 , 1872 ) was a Canadian businessman and politician in the Province of New Brunswick . DesBrisay was born in Charlottetown , Prince Edward Island , the son of Lucy Wright and her husband Theophilus DesBrisay , Jr. ( 1789 – 1847 ) , a naval officer from St. John 's Island . In 1824 the family moved to Chatham , New Brunswick where Theophilus DesBrisay , Jr. served as special assistant to the customs service . A businessman , Lestock P. W. DesBrisay made his home in Richibucto and , on October 14 , 1841 , he married Diana Gay Smith , daughter of Dr. Rufus Smith , a former member of the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick for Westmorland County . DesBrisay followed in his father - in - law 's footsteps and in 1856 DesBrisay was elected to the 17th New Brunswick Legislative Assembly for Kent County . He served more than ten years , being reelected in 1857 through 1865 to the 18th , 19th and 20th Legislative assemblies . Lestock DesBrisay died in 1872 and was buried in the Anglican Church Cemetery in Richibucto .

Monster House was an Australian reality / comedy television series broadcast on the Nine Network . Debuting on 12 February 2008 , the program was hosted by Bernard Curry , brother of Stephen and Andrew Curry . The show centred on the Webb family , played by actors Rebel Wilson , Celia Ireland , Travis Cotton , Jody Kennedy , Julie Herbert and Glenn Butcher , who act as a fictional family in a house purpose - built with hidden cameras to capture their performances and those of the unsuspecting guests who get brought into the family 's " web " . The show debuted with an unimpressive 793,000 viewers tuning in . It was pulled from schedules after its second episode , and axed by the network the following day . Nine had commissioned ten unaired episodes of the show , which were filmed in December 2007 and January 2008 . Nine stated it would air the remaining episodes later in the year , and did so as counter - programming during the 2008 Summer Olympics .

Pascack Valley High School ( PVHS ) is a four - year comprehensive regional public high school located in Hillsdale in Bergen County , New Jersey , United States , serving students in ninth through twelfth grades as one of two secondary schools in the Pascack Valley Regional High School District . Pascack Valley High School serves the residents of both Hillsdale and neighboring River Vale , while its counterpart Pascack Hills High School serves the communities of Woodcliff Lake and Montvale . As part of its 1:1 eLearning Initiative , the school has provided a laptop to every student , teacher , and administrator for educational use . As of the 2015 - 16 school year , the school had an enrollment of 1,224 students and 95.6 classroom teachers ( on an FTE basis ) , for a student – teacher ratio of 12.8:1 . There were 19 students ( 1.6 % of enrollment ) eligible for free lunch and 11 ( 0.9 % of students ) eligible for reduced - cost lunch .

" Job Fair " is the seventeenth episode of the fourth season of the American comedy television series The Office , and the show 's seventieth episode overall . Written by Lee Eisenberg and Gene Stupnitsky and directed by Tucker Gates , the episode first aired in the United States on May 8 , 2008 on NBC . The episode featured Trevor Einhorn as a guest star . In the episode , Michael and a few employees go to a high school 's job fair to find a summer intern for Dunder Mifflin . However , very few students seem interested in the internship . Meanwhile , Jim attempts to make an important sale by golfing with a potential client . At first the client claims to be not interested in talking about business , but after much negotiation , Jim lands the sale . Back at the office , Dwight is left in charge . Everyone leaves except his ex - girlfriend Angela , leading to an awkward day .

José Luis Murature ( 27 January 1876 – 15 September 1929 ) was an Argentine lawyer , journalist , professor and foreign minister of Argentina from 1914 to 1916 . Born in Buenos Aires , the son of José P. Murature and Dolores Legarrete , he was educated at the Colegio Nacional de Buenos Aires and the University of Buenos Aires . Murature was awarded the degree of Doctor of Laws in 1898 . He was later a member of the staff of La Nación newspaper in Buenos Aires , rising to Managing Editor . Murature taught in the Military School , where he held the professorship from 1905 to 1914 , and from 1914 to 1916 , he acted as the Foreign Minister of Argentina . He died in Hamburg , Germany , on 15 September 1929 .

Henry IV of France 's wives and mistresses played a significant role in the politics of his reign . Both Henry ( 1553 – 1610 ) and his first wife Marguerite of Valois , whom he married in 1572 , were repeatedly unfaithful to each other , and the collapse of their marriage led to their estrangement and living apart . Although Henry fathered children with a series of mistresses , his lack of a legitimate heir became a cause of concern , and his marriage was not annulled until 1599 . In 1600 , at the age of forty - six , he married his second wife , Marie de ' Medici , who bore him six children , including the future Louis XIII . Henry was unfaithful to his second wife as well and insisted that she raise his illegitimate children along with her own . Henry 's womanising became legendary , earning him the nickname of Le Vert Galant . His sexual appetite was said to have been insatiable , and he always kept mistresses , often several at a time , as well as engaging in random sexual encounters and visits to brothels . Even so , he tended to elevate one mistress above the others and shower her with money , honours , and promises . His two most famous mistresses of this type were Gabrielle d'Estrées , who died in 1599 , and her successor , Henriette d'Entragues , who involved herself in plots against the crown . Henry promised marriage to each of them , exposing himself to a series of political problems .

Cape Bonavista is a headland located on the east coast of the island of Newfoundland in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador . It is located at the northeastern tip of the Bonavista Peninsula , which separates Trinity Bay to the south from Bonavista Bay to the north . The nearby town of Bonavista takes its name from this historic landmark . This place is also used in a video game named Assassin 's Creed IV Black Flag John Cabot may have landed at this site on June 24 , 1497 with his second expedition to North America ( or at another time in the 15th century ) . Other Newfoundland locations also claim to be his landing site . The lighthouse on Cape Bonavista was built in 1843 .

Emily Murphy ( born Emily Gowan Ferguson ; 14 March 186827 October 1933 ) was a Canadian women 's rights activist , jurist , and author . In 1916 , she became the first female magistrate in Canada , and in the British Empire . She is best known for her contributions to Canadian feminism , specifically to the question of whether women were " persons " under Canadian law . Murphy is known as one of " The Famous Five " ( also called " The Valiant Five")—a group of Canadian women 's rights activists that also included Henrietta Muir Edwards , Nellie McClung , Louise McKinney and Irene Parlby . In 1927 , the women launched the " Persons Case , " contending that women could be " qualified persons " eligible to sit in the Senate . The Supreme Court of Canada ruled that they were not . However , upon appeal to the Judicial Committee of the British Privy Council , the court of last resort for Canada at that time , the women won their case . However , there has been some criticism of her later work , mainly for her role in the Sexual Sterilization Act of Alberta and her allegations that a ring of immigrants from other countries , particularly China , would corrupt the white race by getting Canadians hooked on drugs . In her book The Black Candle , she wrote : " It is hardly credible that the average Chinese peddler has any definite idea in his mind of bringing about the downfall of the white race , his swaying motive being probably that of greed , but in the hands of his superiors , he may become a powerful instrument to that end . "

Umreth ( Gujarati : ઉમરેઠ ) is a taluka and the administrative center of Anand District in the state of Gujarat , India . It is administered by Umreth Nagarpalika . It is part of the region known as Charotar , located in Anand and Kheda districts . Umreth is also known as the Silk City of Charotar . It became famous for silk sarees and its Pol culture . It commonly looks like Harappa architecture . Umreth lines between Dwarka , Nadiad and Dakor on the State Highway known as “ PragatiPath ” . It is connected with Baroda , Anand , Nadiad , Ahmedabad , Godhra , Kapadvanj , and Balasinor via roadway . The railway line is broad gauge connecting it to Godhra , covering the Dakor route from Anand . You may Visit Blog Regarding Umreth By Vivek Doshi of Umreth . Umreth has seen rapid economic growth along the Umreth - Dakor and Nadiad - Dakor road belt . Umreth has an own GIDC Estate , Mainly timber industries and Mamra ( Puffed Rice ) industries are well developed in Umreth . But still puffed rice industries need support from the government to stay viable .

The Monroe – Pinkney Treaty of 1806 was a treaty drawn up by diplomats of the United States and Britain as a renewal of the Jay Treaty of 1795 . It was rejected by President Thomas Jefferson and never took effect . The treaty was negotiated by minister to England James Monroe and his associate William Pinkney on behalf of the administration of President Thomas Jefferson , and Lord Holland and Lord Auckland on behalf of the " Ministry of All the Talents " government headed by Lord Grenville . For the Americans , the goal of the treaty was to make the British abandon the practice of impressing sailors from American ships , as well as to address the neutral trading rights of American vessels in the ongoing Napoleonic Wars , among other commercial concerns . However , the British were short of manpower for the Royal Navy and believed that many British deserters were serving on American ships . In the desperate war against Napoleon , the British believed that they could not afford to abandon impressment : offending the Americans was seen as a much lesser evil than losing to Napoleon . Therefore , no concessions on the issue of impressment were made . The negotiations were begun on 27 August 1806 , and the treaty was signed on 31 December , 1806 . President Jefferson received the treaty in March 1807 , but was disappointed and refused to submit it to the Senate for ratification . This failure to resolve differences over the issue of impressment and neutral trading rights contributed to the coming of the War of 1812 .

Nashe Vremya ( , Our Time ) was a literary and political newspaper published in 1860 - 1863 in Moscow by Nikolai Pavlov . It started out as a liberal weekly , then , after some talks that Pavlov had had with the then Minister of Interior Pyotr Valuyev ( which involved the promise of the financial support , among other things ) , in early 1862 became a conservative daily , whose agenda was formulated in the January issue by Boris Chicherin in his article " Measure and Limits " ( Мера и границы ) . The newspaper proclaimed itself to be the ' liberally conservative ' publication aiming at guarding the interests of the Russian dvoryanstvo as " the only class where the fire of the enlightenment is being kept . " Among the authors who contributed to Nashe Vremya regularly , were Nikolai Berg , Alexander Rotchev , Mikhail Pogodin , Fyodor Tyutchev .

José Rafael Carrera Turcios ( 24 October 1814 – 14 April 1865 ) was the president of Guatemala from 1844 to 1848 and from 1851 until his death in 1865 , after being appointed President for Life in 1854 . During his military career and presidency , new nations in Central America were facing numerous problems : William Walker 's invasions , liberal attempts to overthrow the Catholic Church and aristocrats ' power , the Civil War in the United States , Mayan uprising in the east , Belize boundary dispute with England , and the wars in Mexico under Benito Juarez . This led to a rise of caudillos , a term that refers to charismatic populist leaders among the indigenous people . Many regional and national caudillos were interested in power for their own gain . Carrera was an exception as he genuinely took the interests of Guatemala 's Indian majority to heart . Backed by the Catholic Church , conservatives of the Aycinena clan led by Juan José de Aycinena y Piñol , and mestizo and indigenist peasants , he dominated politics in the first three decades of Guatemala 's independence more than any other individual . He led the revolt against the liberal state government of Mariano Galvez in Guatemala , and then was instrumental in breaking up the Federal Republic of Central America that the liberals wanted . As a result , once the liberals took over power in Guatemala in 1871 , Carrera 's character and regime were dismissed and demonized , making him look as an illiterate who could not even write his own name and was a puppet of the aristocrats . Over the years , even Marxist writers who wanted to show how the native Guatemalans have been exploited by the elites completely ignored Carrera 's interest in them and accused him of racism and being a " little king " .

South is Heather Nova 's sixth album . It spawned the U.S. single " Virus of the Mind " . There were two versions of this album ; the original release on December 11 , 2001 , and an American release on May 21 , 2002 . The U.S. release contained one extra track , " Welcome " , which also appeared on the 2005 album Redbird . For this album , Nova also recorded a contemporary - styled cover of the standard " Gloomy Sunday " , a song originally made popular by Billie Holiday . In retrospect , Nova found the album to be far too polished and not entirely to her liking . She declared that her next album , Storm , would be bare and would be the album she 's always wanted to make .

The Moviegoer is the debut novel by Walker Percy , first published in the United States by Vintage in 1961 . It won the U.S. National Book Award . Time magazine included the novel in its " Time 100 Best English - language Novels from 1923 to 2005 " . In 1998 , the Modern Library ranked The Moviegoer sixtieth on its list of the hundred best English - language novels of the twentieth century . It is published in the UK by Methuen . The novel is heavily influenced by the existentialist themes of authors like Søren Kierkegaard , whom Percy read extensively . Unlike many dark didactic existentialist novels ( including Percy 's later work ) , The Moviegoer has a light poetic tone . It was Percy 's first , most famous and most widely praised novel , and established him as one of the major voices in Southern literature . The novel also draws on elements of Dante by paralleling the themes of Binx Bolling 's life to that of the narrator of the Divine Comedy .

Cianjur is a town and district in the West Java province of Indonesia , and is the capital of Cianjur Regency . The town of Cianjur is located along one of the main roads between Jakarta ( 120   km to the northwest ) and Bandung ( 60   km to the east ) . The population was 158,125 at the 2010 Census . Because of its location , some of Cianjur 's residents commute to work either in Bandung or in Jakarta . The road on which Cianjur is located used to be the main ( extremely busy ) road from Jakarta to Bandung but was in effect replaced as the main road link between these two main cities when the Jakarta - Bandung tollroad was fully completed in 2005 . Cianjur was founded in 1677 , with the first head of the town being R. A. Wiratanudatar I , entitled Dalem Cikundul , as the descendant from the old Sundanese kingdom of Pajajaran . The district mainly produces agricultural products , especially rice , and it has been known as the major source of rice production for the heavily populated Java island besides Karawang . More than 75 people were killed in the earthquake of 2 September 2009 .

Nicholas Bloom is the Eberle Professor in the Department of Economics at Stanford University , a Courtesy Professor at Stanford Business School and Stanford Institute for Economic Policy Research , and a co - Director of the Productivity , Innovation and Entrepreneurship Program at the National Bureau of Economic Research . He is a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and the Econometric Society , and the recipient of the Frisch Medal in 2010 and the Bernacer Prize in 2012 . His research focuses on the measurement and impact of uncertainty on investment , employment and growth . He also works on the measurement of management practices and productivity with Raffaella Sadun and John Van Reenen , and on innovation . He completed a PhD at University College London in 2001 under the supervision of John Van Reenen and Richard Blundell . From 1996 to 2001 he worked at the Institute for Fiscal Studies and on business tax policy at HM Treasury . From 2001 – 2002 he worked at McKinsey & Company , and in 2002 he moved to the Centre for Economic Performance at the London School of Economics , and to Stanford University in 2005 . He was a speaker at Tedx Stanford in 2017 .

The Brazoria National Wildlife Refuge is a wildlife conservation area along the coast of Texas ( USA ) , east of the towns of Angleton and Lake Jackson , Texas . It borders a bay on the Intracoastal Waterway , behind a barrier island at the Gulf of Mexico . Brazoria National Wildlife Refuge was established in 1969 and provides quality habitat for wintering migratory waterfowl and other bird life . The refuge contains a freshwater slough which winds through salt marshes . In winter , more than 100,000 snow geese , Canada geese , pintail , northern shoveler , teal , gadwall , American wigeon , mottled ducks , and sandhill cranes fill the numerous ponds and sloughs to capacity . In summer , birds which nest on the refuge include 10 species of herons and egrets , white ibis , roseate spoonbill , mottled duck , white - tailed kite , clapper rail , horned lark , seaside sparrow , black skimmer , and scissor - tailed flycatcher . Three national wildlife refuges on the Texas coast - Brazoria , San Bernard and Big Boggy - form a vital complex of coastal wetlands harboring more than 300 bird species .

With All My Heart and Soul is an album by country music singer , Dottie West , released in 1967 . This was one of Dottie West 's best - selling albums . The album was produced by Chet Atkins , along with a string of other albums West recorded for RCA Victor in the 1960s . The album spawned the No . 8 Country smash " Paper Mansions " , one of the few Top 10 hits West had in the 1960s . The album spawned no other singles , however , but it did include some cover versions of Country hits . This included Jeannie Seely 's 1966 hit " Do n't Touch Me " , David Houston 's 1967 hit " Almost Persuaded " , and Eddy Arnold 's " The Tip of My Fingers " . The album was one of two albums released in 1967 and reached No . 8 on the " Top Country Albums " chart that year .

" Sanguinarium " is the sixth episode of the fourth season of the American science fiction television series The X - Files . " Sanguinarium " was written by newcomers Vivian and Valerie Mayhew and directed by Kim Manners , and is a " Monster - of - the - Week " story , a stand - alone plot which is unconnected to the series ' wider mythology . It first aired in the United States on November 10 , 1996 on the Fox network , earning a Nielsen rating of 11.1 and being seen by 19.85 million viewers upon its initial broadcast . The show centers on FBI special agents Fox Mulder ( David Duchovny ) and Dana Scully ( Gillian Anderson ) who work on cases linked to the paranormal , called X - Files . In " Sanguinarium " , bizarre murders in a hospital 's plastic surgery unit lead Mulder and Scully to suspect a supernatural force may be responsible . As the uncontrolled killings continue , Mulder discovers a link between the victims ' dates of birth and key dates on the witchcraft calendar . The episode started as a spec script written by two fans of the series . It features several references to real life witchcraft sources . " Sanguinarium " received mixed reviews from critics ; negative criticism was given to the number of inconsistencies in the plot . The episode 's use of gore also drew a mixed reaction ; some critics felt that the gore helped , while others felt that " Sanguinarium " relied too heavily on it to cover up weaknesses in its storyline .

Brigadier Reginald Miles , CBE , DSO & Bar , MC ( 10 December 1892 – 20 October 1943 ) was a professional soldier who served in the New Zealand Military Forces during the First and Second World Wars . Miles was a New Zealand entrant into the Australian Royal Military College , Duntroon , from which he graduated in 1914 . He served as an artillery officer in the First World War and was awarded the Distinguished Service Order for his actions during the Spring Offensive . He remained in the military after the war , holding artillery commands for the next several years . When the Second World War broke out , Miles was the Quartermaster General of the New Zealand Military Forces . In 1940 , he was seconded to the 2nd New Zealand Division as its commander of artillery . He saw action during the Battle of Greece and later during Operation Crusader in North Africa . Captured during fighting near Tobruk in late 1941 , he was held in a prisoner of war camp in Italy but escaped in April 1943 with five other officers , including fellow New Zealander James Hargest . By October , Miles had made his way to Spain where , overcome with depression , he committed suicide .

Chiam See Tong (; born 12 March 1935 ) is a Singaporean politician and lawyer . He is Singapore 's longest - serving Opposition Member of Parliament ( MP ) in a Single Member Constituency ( SMC ) , having represented the constituency of Potong Pasir in Parliament from 1984 to 2011 . Chiam will however lose his mantle to Low Thia Kiang by the end of 2017 . Chiam was founding leader of the Singapore Democratic Party ( SDP ) up to December 1996 , when he left the party to join the Singapore People 's Party ( SPP ) prior to the 1997 general election . He subsequently spearheaded the formation of the Singapore Democratic Alliance ( SDA ) , and was its chairman and de facto opposition leader from 2001 to 2011 . However , in March 2011 he announced that he was withdrawing the SPP from the SDA grouping , and would contest the next general election under the SPP banner . At the 2011 general election , Chiam decided not to seek re - election in his Potong Pasir constituency and instead stood as a member of the SPP 's team in the Bishan - Toa Payoh Group Representation Constituency . However the SPP was defeated by the PAP 's team in Bishan - Toa Payoh . His wife Lina Chiam narrowly lost the election in Potong Pasir and accepted a seat as a Non Constituency Member of Parliament .

Sycamore Shoals State Historic Area is a state park located in Elizabethton , in the U.S. state of Tennessee . The park consists of situated along the Sycamore Shoals of the Watauga River , a National Historic Landmark where a series of events critical to the establishment of the states of Tennessee and Kentucky , and the settlement of the Trans - Appalachian frontier in general , took place . Along with the historic shoals , the park includes a visitor center and museum , the reconstructed Fort Watauga , the Carter Mansion ( at a satellite location in Elizabethton ) and Sabine Hill ( also at a satellite location in Elizabethton ) . For over a thousand years before the arrival of European explorers , Sycamore Shoals and adjacent lands had been inhabited by Native Americans . The first permanent European settlers arrived in 1770 , and established the Watauga Association — one of the first written constitutional governments west of the Appalachian Mountains — in 1772 . Richard Henderson and Daniel Boone negotiated the Treaty of Sycamore Shoals in 1775 , which saw the sale of millions of acres of Cherokee lands in Kentucky and Tennessee and led to the building of the Wilderness Road . During the American Revolution , Sycamore Shoals was both the site of Fort Watauga , where part of a Cherokee invasion was thwarted in 1776 , and the mustering ground for the Overmountain Men in 1780 .

Mehri or Mahri is a member of the Modern South Arabian languages , a subgroup of the Semitic branch of the Afroasiatic family . It is spoken by the Mehri tribes , who inhabit isolated areas of the eastern part of Yemen and western Oman , particularly the Al Mahrah Governorate . Mehri and its sister Modern South Arabian languages were spoken in the southern Arabian Peninsula before the spread of Arabic along with Islam in the 7th century CE . It is today also spoken by Mehri residents in Qatar and the United Arab Emirates , as well as in Kuwait by guest workers originally from South Arabia . Given the dominance of Arabic in the region over the past 1400 years and the frequent bilingualism with Arabic among Mehri speakers , Mehri is at some risk of extinction . It is primarily a spoken language , with little existing vernacular literature and almost no literacy in the written form among native speakers .

Taylor Harper ( born November 25 , 1944 ) is an American lobbyist and former American politician . Harper was born in Mobile , Alabama and grew up in Grand Bay . He graduated from Grand Bay High School and attended the University of Southern Mississippi where he obtained a bachelor 's degree . In 1968 , he married Julie Ann Goodroe . In 1978 , Harper was elected as a Democrat to the Alabama Legislature from House District 105 where he represented communities from south Mobile County . He was elected chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee in 1987 , a post he held throughout the remainder of his tenure in the legislature . In 1994 Harper entered the race for lieutenant governor . He subsequently withdrew from that race and stood for re - election to his House seat . He lost that bid for re - election and began work as a consultant . He is currently chief executive officer of Southeast Consultants , an advisory firm with offices in Montgomery , Alabama .

Sylvester John Hemleben was born February 25 , 1902 , in La Crosse , Wisconsin , a descendant of an ancient German family which emigrated to America to practice medicine and pharmacy in pioneer Wisconsin . Hemleben received the Bachelor of Arts and Master of Arts degrees from the University of Iowa , the Doctor of Philosophy degree in political science from Fordham University , and the Bachelor of Laws With Distinction and the Juris Doctor degrees from the University of Mississippi . He furthered his education at Columbia University , Harvard University , Cambridge University , England , and Munich University , Germany . Hemleben ’s career was devoted to college and university teaching . He was the author of numerous books , including Plans for World Peace through Six Centuries ( 1943 , University of Chicago Press ) , as well as numerous articles in learned journals . Hemleben also wrote numerous volumes of poetry , including Musings of a Mystic , that are expressive of his philosophy of life . Hemleben died on June 14 , 1991 .

One Love is the second studio album by English boy band Blue , released on 4 November 2002 in the United Kingdom and on 21 October 2003 in the United States . The album peaked at number one on the UK Albums Chart , where it stayed for one week . On 20 December 2003 it was certified 4× Platinum in the UK . Collectively , the album and singles have sold more than 5 million copies worldwide . Three singles were released from the album : " One Love " , which peaked at number three , " Sorry Seems to Be the Hardest Word " , featuring Elton John , which peaked at number one , and " U Make Me Wanna " , which peaked at number four .

Spare Parts is the second album by the English rock band Status Quo , and the final one in the psychedelic vein . It is also the first in which the group 's roadie Bob Young began writing and co - writing songs for and with the band . The album covers a song written by Carole King and Gerry Goffin , " You 're Just What I Was Looking for Today " . Only one song was slated for a single release . This was the Anthony King written song " Are You Growing Tired of My Love " , backed with the Alan Lancaster composition " So Ends Another Life " . Released in April 1969 it reached no . 46 in UK singles charts . The album was released in September 1969 but was n't a commercial success . Following the disappointment of the album , the band released a non - album single - the Everly Brothers ' " The Price of Love " , also released in September 1969 , with the Francis Rossi and Rick Parfitt composition " Little Miss Nothing " as the B - side .

The Fort Pitt Tunnel carries traffic on Interstate 376 ( I-376 ) , U.S. Route 22 ( US 22 ) , US 30 , and US 19 Truck between Downtown Pittsburgh and the West End neighborhood in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania . Traveling beneath Mount Washington , the structure is divided into a two lane inbound tunnel and two lane outbound tunnel . The inbound tunnel flows onto the top deck of the double - deck Fort Pitt Bridge , opposite traffic from the lower deck using the outbound tunnel . To accommodate the bridge , the northeast portals of the parallel tunnels open at two levels . " FORT PITT TUNNEL " is mounted in brushed steel letters on a grey granite facade above the southwest portals , with larger scaled capital letters used on the facade above the northeast portals . Before entering the southwest end of the inbound tunnel , travelers see a commonplace view of Southwestern Pennsylvania 's hills , but at the northeast end , travelers emerge to a panorama of Pittsburgh 's Golden Triangle and surrounding skyline , the view cited by The New York Times as " the best way to enter an American city " . The vantage was the inspiration for the news opening on Pittsburgh 's KDKA - TV for several years in the 1980s and 1990s , and is referenced in Stephen Chbosky 's novel The Perks of Being a Wallflower . The Fort Pitt Tunnel opened in 1960 , a year after the adjoining Fort Pitt Bridge . It is the third longest automobile tunnel in the City of Pittsburgh , following the Liberty Tunnels and the Squirrel Hill Tunnel . And it is one of four major tunnels passing beneath Mount Washington , including the Liberty Tunnels and the Wabash Tunnel for automobiles , and the Mount Washington Transit Tunnel for public transportation .

Hans Zerny ( 11 June 1887 , Vienna - Währing – 14 September 1945 , Vienna ) was an Austrian entomologist best known for his studies of Lepidoptera . He studied zoology at the University of Vienna , where in 1911 , he obtained his PhD. Afterwards , he began work at the Naturhistorisches Museum in Vienna , serving as an adjunct - curator from 1920 and as curator - first class from 1928 onward . At the museum , he worked closely with Hans Rebel , whom he succeeded as keeper of the Lepidoptera collection following Rebel 's retirement in 1932 . He undertook numerous scientific trips throughout Eastern Europe and North Africa . In 1927 , he spent 28 weeks on an excursion to the lower Amazon region . From his expeditions , a number of new entomological species have been identified . Also , he is credited with conducting significant research involving South East Asian Noctuidae and members of Neotropical Syntomidae . He was associated with several learned organizations , being a member of the Zoologisch - Botanischen Gesellschaft in Wien and an honorary member of the Wiener Entomologischen Gesellschaft .

Preakness is an unincorporated community located within Wayne in Passaic County , New Jersey , United States . The colt Preakness , for whom the Preakness Stakes Thoroughbred horse race at Pimlico Race Course in Baltimore , Maryland is named , was owned by Milton H. Sanford 's Preakness Stables located at the corner of Valley Road and Preakness Avenue . Preakness is the birthplace of Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame trainer , Barry Littlefield and his brother Fred Littlefield , a jockey who won the 1888 Preakness Stakes . The name itself was said to have come from the Native American name Pra - qua - les for " Quail Woods " in the area . An alternative translation derives the name from per - ukunees , which is thought to mean " young buck " .

Nije ljubav stvar ( , lit : Love is not an Object ) is a song by Serbian singer Željko Joksimović and yet another one of his well - known Balkan ballads . It was the Serbian entry at the Eurovision Song Contest 2012 in Baku , and finished in third place . The lyrics were written by Marina Tucaković and Miloš Roganović , while the song was composed by Joksimović . The song was Joksimović 's second time performing at the Eurovision Song Contest ; the first time , in 2004 , he placed second overall for Serbia and Montenegro with the song " Lane moje " . It was also his third finish in the top three as a composer , having composed both Lane Moje and Hari Mata Hari 's song Lejla , which placed third in 2006 .

Georgi Valentinovich Plekhanov (; ; 29 November 1856 – 30 May 1918 ) was a Russian revolutionary and a Marxist theoretician . He was a founder of the social - democratic movement in Russia and was one of the first Russians to identify himself as " Marxist . " Facing political persecution , Plekhanov emigrated to Switzerland in 1880 , where he continued in his political activity attempting to overthrow the Tsarist regime in Russia . Although he supported the Bolshevik faction at the 2nd Congress of the Russian Social Democratic Labour Party in 1903 , Plekhanov soon rejected the idea of democratic centralism , and became one of Lenin and Trotsky 's principal antagonists in the 1905 St. Petersburg Soviet . During World War I Plekhanov rallied to the cause of the Entente powers against Germany and he returned home to Russia following the 1917 February Revolution . Plekhanov was an opponent of the Soviet state which came to power in the autumn of 1917 . He died the following year . Despite his vigorous and outspoken opposition to Lenin 's political party in 1917 , Plekhanov was held in high esteem by the Communist Party of the Soviet Union following his death as a founding father of Russian Marxism and a philosophical thinker .

Charles Olmeus ( born February 16 , 1947 ) is a Haitian former track and field athlete who competed at the 1976 Olympic Games in Montreal . Charles competed at 10000 metres , and completed his qualifying heat in 42:00.11 . He finished 14 minutes behind the heat winner Carlos Lopes of Portugal and 8.5 minutes behind Chris McCubbins of Canada who finished next to last . While he completed the last six rounds alone on the field , track officials argued whether he should be allowed to finish the course . Ultimately he was , which held up the entire track and field schedule by fourteen minutes . Charles was one of the members of the notorious squad of Haitian long distance track and field athletes delegated to the Olympic Games by the Baby Doc Duvalier regime during the 1970s and 1980s , who gained fame by setting all - time worst times on the Olympics , many of which are still standing today . Other notable performers included Anilus Joseph who started his 1972 10000 metres qualifying heat in a sprint then dropped out when he was already a mile behind the leaders , Wilnor Joseph who covered the 800 metres with a time of 2:15.26 in 1976 , and Dieudonne Lamothe who finished last at both the 5000 metres in 1976 and at the marathon race in 1984 .

Nicholas Sergeyevitch Timasheff ( ) ( November 9 , 1886 – March 9 , 1970 ) was a Russian sociologist , professor of jurisprudence and writer . Timasheff " came from an old family of Russian nobility " ; his father was Minister of Trade and Industry under Nicholas II . In St. Petersburg , where he was born , he attended a classical high school ; he went on to attend the Tsarskoye Selo Lyceum , the University of Strasbourg , and the Saint Petersburg State University ( MA 1910 , LLD 1914 ) . At the latter university he met the Polish - Russian jurist Leon Petrazycki , who was a significant influence on him throughout his life . Two years later he began teaching sociological jurisprudence at the University of Petrograd . He emigrated to the United States following an alleged involvement with the in 1920 . He took up a similar position at Fordham University , and was one of the original developers of the discipline of sociology of law . Timasheff was the author of various works , including The Great Retreat : The Growth and Decline of Communism in Russia ( New York , 1946 ) , in which he argued that the Bolsheviks made a conscious retreat from socialist values during the 1930s , instead returning to traditional ones like patriotism and the family . Historian Terry Martin considers this a misnomer , because " in the political and economic spheres , the period after 1933 marked a consolidation , rather than a repudiation , of the most important goals of Stalin 's socialist offensive : forced industrialization , collectivization , nationalization , abolition of the market , political dictatorship . " Buried : Oakland Cemetery ( Yonkers , New York ) Westchester County , USA .

Michael Wilson Ivie ( born August 8 , 1952 ) , is an American former professional baseball player . He played as a first baseman in Major League Baseball for the San Diego Padres , San Francisco Giants , Houston Astros , and Detroit Tigers during his career from 1971 to 1983 . In addition to playing first base , Ivie put in considerable time as a third baseman , a left fielder and was a designated hitter . Ivie is one of only five Major League Baseball players to hit two pinch - hit grand slams in the same season . The others are Davey Johnson of the Philadelphia Phillies , Darryl Strawberry of the New York Yankees , Ben Broussard of the Cleveland Indians , and Brooks Conrad of the Atlanta Braves .

" Fire Brigade " is a song written by Roy Wood and performed by The Move , with Wood on lead vocal . The song contains a guitar figure straight out of Duane Eddy . Glen Matlock of the Sex Pistols admitted some years later that this guitar had strongly influenced the opening riff of their single " God Save the Queen " . " Fire Brigade " influenced " Firehouse " from the self - titled debut album by Kiss . Released as the group 's fourth single in Britain in February 1968 , it reached No . 3 in the UK Singles Chart . A cover version was recorded by The Fortunes and released as a single in the US , but did not chart . The book included with the 4-CD boxed set Anthology 1966 – 1972 , released in October 2008 , noted that sessions for the song began on 16 November 1967 at Olympic Studios in Barnes , London . Anthology includes both the finished version which was released as a single , as well as an early , previously unreleased version with Matthew Fisher of Procol Harum on piano . An earlier retrospective release , the 3-CD Movements : 30th Anniversary Anthology , from 1997 , also has two slightly different recordings - the final version , and an undubbed one , before backing vocals , tambourine and opening ' fire engine ' sound effects were added .

Chrysopsis floridana is a rare species of flowering plant in the aster family , known by its common name , Florida golden aster . It is endemic to Florida in the United States , where it is known from Hillsborough , Hardee , Manatee , and Pinellas Counties . It is considered an endemic of the west - central coast of the state in the general vicinity of Tampa Bay . There are 17 to 20 occurrences , many of which have few individuals , but one of which has over one million plants . In 1986 the plant was added to the US endangered species list because it was becoming increasingly rare , it was growing only on private property , and its habitat was unprotected and being destroyed and degraded by a number of forces . It is found at Bell Creek Nature Preserve in Riverview , Florida .

A Little Princess is a children 's novel by Frances Hodgson Burnett , first published as a book in 1905 . It is an expanded version of the short story " Sara Crewe : or , What Happened at Miss Minchin 's " , which was serialized in St. Nicholas Magazine from December 1887 , and published in book form in 1888 . According to Burnett , after she composed the 1902 play A Little Un - fairy Princess based on that story , her publisher asked that she expand the story as a novel with " the things and people that had been left out before " . The novel was published by Charles Scribner 's Sons ( also publisher of St. Nicholas ) with illustrations by Ethel Franklin Betts and the full title A Little Princess : Being the Whole Story of Sara Crewe Now Being Told for the First Time . Based on a 2007 online poll , the U.S. National Education Association named the book one of its " Teachers ' Top 100 Books for Children " . In 2012 it was ranked number 56 among all - time children 's novels in a survey published by School Library Journal , a monthly with primarily U.S. audience . It was the second of two Burnett novels among the Top 100 , with The Secret Garden number 15 .

Cup - a - Soup is an instant soup product sold under various brands worldwide . The soup is sold in sachets of powder which can be poured into a mug or cup , which is then filled with near - boiling water and stirred . In the United States and Canada the product is manufactured and marketed by Unilever 's Lipton brand , and in Australia under the Continental brand . In the United Kingdom the product is sold as Batchelors Cup - a - Soup , a brand which is now owned by Premier Foods . In the Netherlands it is sold under the Unox brand . In South Africa , Sweden , Belgium , Denmark , Germany , Argentina and Poland it is sold under the Knorr brand . Flavours include minestrone , chicken noodle , tomato soup and chicken and vegetable . Low - calorie versions also exist in the UK , under the name " Slim - a - Soup " , and include slightly different flavors , such as Mediterranean tomato . 2007 saw the introduction of " Cup - a - Soup Extra " , individual sachets of soup and pasta sold in a variety of flavors , including cheese and broccoli ( with tagliatelle ) , chicken and mushroom ( with pasta ) , minestrone , and Tangy Salsa Tomato .

Denis Nowell Pritt , QC ( 22 September 1887 – 23 May 1972 ) was a British barrister and Labour Party politician . Born in Harlesden , Middlesex , he was educated at Winchester College and University of London . A member of the Labour Party from 1918 , he was a defender of the Soviet Union . In 1932 , as part of G. D. H. Cole 's New Fabian Research Bureau 's ' expert commission of enquiry ' , he visited the Soviet Union , and , according to Margaret Cole , " the eminent KC swallowed it all " . Pritt was expelled from the Labour Party in 1940 following his support of the Soviet invasion of Finland . Pritt was characterised by George Orwell as " perhaps the most effective pro - Soviet publicist in this country " .

" Hey Kid " is the second official single from Matt Willis , released on August 14 , 2006 . It is taken from Willis 's debut solo album Do n't Let It Go to Waste . " Hey Kid " also appears in the 2006 teen film John Tucker Must Die and the action packed teen film Alex Rider : Stormbreaker , and therefore will be on both the films soundtracks . The lyrics of this song are about the days after Busted , Willis ' original band , split . This song features two music videos , one being the main video and the other to fit the story of John Tucker Must Die . On August 20 , the song entered the UK Top 75 at # 61 , based solely on download sales . The following week it climbed to # 11 due to the physical release of the single . The B - Side " Me And Your Mother " was also featured on Willis ' debut album as a hidden track

James Carter Walker Jr. ( born June 25 , 1947 ) is an American actor and comedian . Walker is best known for portraying James Evans Jr. ( " J.J. " ) , the oldest son of Florida and James Evans Sr . on the CBS television series Good Times , which ran from 1974 to 1979 . Walker was nominated for Golden Globe awards Best Supporting Actor In A Television Series in 1975 and 1976 for his role . While on the show , Walker 's character was known for the catchphrase " Dy - no - mite ! " which he also used in his mid – 1970s TV commercial for a Panasonic line of cassette and 8-track tape players . He also starred in Let 's Do It Again with John Amos , and The Greatest Thing That Almost Happened with James Earl Jones . Walker continues to tour the country with his stand - up comedy routine .

There are six monarchies in Oceania ; that is : self - governing sovereign states in Oceania where supreme power resides with an individual hereditary head , who is recognised as the head of state . Each is a constitutional monarchy , wherein the sovereign inherits his or her office , usually keeps it until death or abdication , and is bound by laws and customs in the exercise of their powers . Five of these independent states share Queen Elizabeth II as their respective head of state , making them part of a global grouping known as the Commonwealth realms ; in addition , all monarchies of Oceania are members of the Commonwealth of Nations . The only sovereign monarchy in Oceania that does not share a monarch with another state is Tonga . Australia and New Zealand have dependencies within the region and outside it , although five non - sovereign constituent monarchs are recognized by New Zealand , Papua New Guinea and France .

Kim Gi - Dong (; born 12 January 1972 in Dangjin ) is a former South Korean footballer . In 1991 , Kim debuted as a professional player with Pohang Steelers ( then POSCO Atoms ) right after his graduation from high school , which was quite unusual then . ( Choi Moon - Sik would be a similar case . ) He started to appear in the top team matches after joining Yukong Elephants ( Bucheon SK after 1996 ) . Bucheon at that time was highly recognized to have a strong midfield under manager Valeri Nepomniachi , and he was a key member . Kim returned to Pohang in 2003 and led the Steelers to the championship in 2007 . He was also selected as the ' best eleven ' of the league in 2007 . He now holds 2nd place in career domestic appearance ( league and cups ) in K - League , only after goalkeeper Kim Byung - Ji . On July 9 , 2011 he became the oldest ever score in the K - League with his goal in the 7 - 0 victory over Daejeon Citizen .

Twinemen is an alternative rock band based in Cambridge , Massachusetts , USA created by former members of the bands Morphine and Face to Face . The group includes Dana Colley ( saxophone / vocals ) , Billy Conway ( percussion / vocals / sometimes acoustic guitar ) , and Laurie Sargent ( lead singer / lead guitar ) . Various bass players , including former Face to Face guitarist Stuart Kimball , also perform with the band on the road and in the studio . Twinemen 's music includes a mix of jazz , blues , acid rock , and lounge . Twinemen chose their name as an homage to Morphine 's late leader Mark Sandman and his The Twinemen comic series . The Twinemen depicted three anthropomorphic balls of twine who play together in a band . Twinemen currently records in their Cambridge - based Hi - n - Dry Studios .

Akkademja tal - Malti was the prime regulatory body responsible for the Maltese language from the early 20th century up to the end of the millennium , when a Government sponsored law was passed to protect issues related to the national language . On joining the European Union , Maltese became one of the recognised languages of the EU - no mean achievement for a language spoken by less than half a million people . Initially it was known as L - Għaqda tal - Kittieba tal - Malti ( Association of Writers of Maltese ) , Malta 's oldest literary society whose earliest activities go as far back as the early nineteen twenties , led by literary giants like Dun Karm , Ġużè Muscat Azzopardi and Ninu Cremona , it spearheaded the cause of the Maltese language . The Akkademja was mainly responsible for all the major linguistic and literary development of the Maltese language during the past century , developing linguistic academic initiatives which culminated in the national recognition of a standard written Maltese . In 2005 the National Council for the Maltese Language was set up through a Law by the Maltese Parliament . This Council is nowadays the main regulatory body of the Maltese language instead of the L - Akkademja tal - Malti .

Walther von Brauchitsch ( 4 October 1881   – 18 October 1948 ) was a German field marshal and the Commander - in - Chief of the German Army during the Nazi era . Born into an aristocratic military family , Brauchitsch entered army service in 1901 . During World War I , he served with distinction on the corps- and division - level staff on the Western Front . After the Nazi seizure of power in 1933 , Brauchitsch was put in charge of the East Prussian Military District . He borrowed immense sums of money from Hitler and became dependent on his financial help . Brauchitsch served as Commander - in - Chief of the German Army from February 1938 until December 1941 . He played a key role in the Battle of France and oversaw the German invasions of Yugoslavia and Greece . For his part in the Battle of France , Brauchitsch became one of 12 generals promoted to Field Marshal . After suffering a heart attack in November 1941 and being blamed for the failure of Operation Typhoon , Wehrmacht 's attack on Moscow , Hitler dismissed him as Commander - in - Chief of the Army ; he spent the rest of the war in enforced retirement . After World War II , Brauchitsch was arrested on charges of war crimes but died of pneumonia in 1948 before he could be prosecuted .

Queequeg is a fictional character in the 1851 novel Moby - Dick by American author Herman Melville . The son of a South Sea chieftain who left home to explore the world , Queequeg is the first principal character encountered by the narrator , Ishmael . The quick friendship and relationship of equality between the tattooed cannibal and the white sailor shows Melville 's basic theme of shipboard democracy and racial diversity . Once aboard the whaling ship Pequod Queequeg becomes the harpooner for the mate Starbuck . At the end of the novel he " casts the runes " , which say he will die . He therefore builds a coffin and refuses to eat or drink , but ultimately decides to stay alive and then recovers . The coffin is later converted to a lifebuoy after the ship 's original one is lost . When Moby - Dick sinks the ship , Ishmael survives by clinging to it until another ship arrives to pick him up .

The Fijnschilders ( literally " fine - painters " ) , also called the Leiden Fijnschilders ( ' Leidse Fijnschilders ' ) , were Dutch Golden Age painters who , from about 1630 to 1710 , strove to create as natural a reproduction of reality as possible in their meticulously executed , often small - scale works . Although in the seventeenth century , as in modern Dutch , the term fijnschilder was used to differentiate between a painter practicing classic techniques and one who , for instance , is a house painter , in the nineteenth century it became a label for artists like Gerrit Dou and his followers in Leiden . Dou , Frans van Mieris , Sr . and Adriaen van der Werff — all among the most successful of the Dutch Baroque — became identifiable by their " fine " manner , exquisite techniques , and extreme attention to detail resulting in works with smooth surfaces completely lacking painterly brush strokes . The application of paint contrasts with the textures and style of other Dutch painters , such as Frans Hals and Dou 's teacher Rembrandt van Rijn . In this way they have more in common with earlier traditions in Netherlandish painting , such as the detailed richness of Jan van Eyck . Other artists working in the style include Godfried Schalcken , Quirijn van Brekelenkam and , at times , Gabriel Metsu . The fijnschilders are best known for genre scenes showing everyday life and activities , candle - lit nocturnal subjects , and trompe l'oeil " niche " paintings .

The flag of Puerto Rico represents and symbolizes the island of Puerto Rico and its people . The origins of the current flag of Puerto Rico , adopted by the commonwealth of Puerto Rico in 1952 , can be traced to 1868 , when the first Puerto Rican flag , " The Revolutionary Flag of Lares " , was conceived by Dr. Ramón Emeterio Betances and embroidered by Mariana " Brazos de Oro " Bracetti . This flag was used in the short - lived Puerto Rican revolt against Spanish rule in the island , known as " El Grito de Lares " . Juan de Mata Terreforte , an exiled veteran of " El Grito de Lares " and Vice - President of the Cuban Revolutionary Committee , in New York City , adopted the flag of Lares as the flag of Puerto Rico until 1895 , when the current design , modeled after the Cuban flag , was unveiled and adopted by the 59 Puerto Rican exiles of the Cuban Revolutionary committee . The new flag , which consisted of five equal horizontal bands of red ( top and bottom ) alternating with white ; a blue isosceles triangle based on the hoist side bears a large , white , five - pointed star in the center , was first flown in Puerto Rico on March 24 , 1897 , during the " Intentona de Yauco " revolt . The use and display of the Puerto Rican flag was outlawed and the only flags permitted to be flown in Puerto Rico were the Spanish flag ( 1492 to 1898 ) and the flag of the United States ( 1898 to 1952 ) . In 1952 , the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico adopted the 1895 flag design as its official standard . The color of the triangle that was used by the administration of Luis Muñoz Marín was the dark blue . In 1995 , the government of Puerto Rico issued a regulation regarding the use of the Puerto Rican flag titled : " Reglamento sobre el Uso en Puerto Rico de la Bandera del Estado Libre Asociado de Puerto Rico " , in which the government specifies the colors to be used but does not specify any official color tones or shades . Therefore , it is not uncommon to see the flag of Puerto Rico with different shades of blue displayed in the island . Several Puerto Rican flags , with darker shades than sky blue were aboard the Space Shuttle Discovery during its flight into outer space on March 15 , 2009 .

" Send in Stewie , Please " is the twelfth episode of the sixteenth season of the animated sitcom Family Guy , and the 301st episode overall . It aired on Fox in the United States on March 18 , 2018 with limited commercial interruption due to its runtime of 25 minutes , and is written by Gary Janetti and directed by Joe Vaux . The episodes largely focuses on Stewie Griffin ( voiced by creator Seth MacFarlane ) about his major secrets , accompanied by a child psychologist ( voiced by guest star Ian McKellen ) . None of the Griffin family appear except Brian at the very end , and no cutaway gags accompany the extended runtime . In addition , this episode was commercial - free so that Fox could promote the 2018 God of War video game .

Bawean ( ) is an island of Indonesia located approximately 150   km north of Surabaya in the Java Sea , off the coast of Java . It is administered by Gresik Regency of East Java province . It is approximately 15   km in diameter and is circumnavigated by a single narrow road . Bawean is dominated by an extinct volcano at its center that rises to 655 m above sea level . Its population as of the 2010 Census is about 70,000 people , but more than 26,000 of them ( that is about 70 % of the male population ) were temporarily living outside , working in other parts of Indonesia , Singapore and Malaysia ) . As a result , females constituted about 77 % of the actual population of the island , which is thus often referred to as the Island of Women ( ) . The island territory is divided into two administrative districts , Sangkapura and Tambak . More than half the population ( about 45,750 ) lives in the district of Sangkapura , centred on the town of that name located on the southern coast of the island . The island has rich nature with many endemic species , such as Bawean deer which is only found on the island and is included to the IUCN Red List . There are several large underwater petroleum and gas fields around the island .

Marco Amelia , (; born 2 April 1982 ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper . He is currently a free agent . A Roma youth product , Amelia spent most of his professional club career at Livorno , where he made 181 appearances across all competitions , including playing and scoring in the 2006 – 07 UEFA Cup . He later played for several other Italian clubs , and also had a spell in England as a reserve goalkeeper with Chelsea . At international level , Amelia won a Bronze medal at the 2004 Olympics , and earned nine senior caps for Italy between 2005 and 2009 . He was part of the squad that won the 2006 FIFA World Cup , also being included for Italy 's UEFA Euro 2008 and 2009 FIFA Confederations Cup squads .

The Celebrity Apprentice is an American television reality competition series . It is a variation of The Apprentice series , and was hosted by real estate developer ( and now U.S. President ) Donald Trump from 2008 to 2015 , and actor and former California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger from January 2017 . On August 3 , 2017 , NBC Entertainment Chairman Bob Greenblatt said that the show has effectively been canceled . Like its precursor , the show 's opening theme song is " For the Love of Money " by The O'Jays . Unlike its precursor , however , Celebrity Apprentice consists of celebrities as competing apprentices rather than unknowns . Some of the celebrities are relatively current while others tend to be those who have been out of the public eye for some time . All of them are competing to win money for a charitable organization of their choice . The celebrities come from a wide variety of different fields in the media : sitcoms , professional sports , music industry , reality television , radio , and other backgrounds . The Celebrity Apprentice is linked in seasons to its precursor TV show , The Apprentice , which consists of seasons one to six and season ten . The Celebrity Apprentice consists of seasons seven to nine and eleven to fifteen .

Kittiratt Na - Ranong (; ; born 3 August 1958 ) is a Thai manager and politician . He was a Deputy Prime Minister in Yingluck Shinawatra 's cabinet . Additionally , he led the Ministry of Commerce until January 2012 and then served as Finance Minister until May 2014 . Kittiratt attended the Assumption College and the Triam Udom Suksa School in Bangkok . He studied economics at the Chulalongkorn University , graduating with a bachelor in 1980 . He later studied for an MBA at the Sasin Graduate Institute of Business Administration . Kittiratt has held the position of managing director of the Stock Exchange of Thailand ( SET ) for five years . Afterwards he became director of the Thai Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) . He was a vice director of the Sasin Graduate Institute and president of the private Shinawatra University , founded by the former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra . Moreover , he has managed the Thailand national football team for the 2007 AFC Asian Cup . In politics , Kittiratt became involved with the Thais United party in 2007 . In 2011 he transpose to Pheu Thai Party .

The War of the Lions is the second announced game in Square Enix 's " Ivalice Alliance " series of video games set in the Ivalice fictional world . The first is ( a sequel to Final Fantasy XII ) and the third is ( both of which were released on Nintendo DS ) . Ivalice ( during the setting of the game ) has technology in line with the late medieval era of human history along with the typical magic and supernatural abilities found in most Final Fantasy games . Players control a mercenary named Ramza who finds himself embroiled in a civil war and an ancient demonic evil that has begun to take hold over the world . A noble by birth , he is forced to re - evaluate his opinion of commoners when his lowborn best friend starts a revolution against the ruling powers of Ivalice . The game was overhauled during development to take advantage of the PSP 's screen ratio and technical abilities which resulted in new cutscenes , the capacity for multiplayer , and other features . War of the Lions also includes new playable characters from other Final Fantasy titles , such as Balthier from Final Fantasy XII and Luso Clemens from , as well as returning favorite Cloud Strife from Final Fantasy VII , who was playable in the original release of the game . The War of the Lions received strong reviews upon its release and has since been adapted for mobile phones and tablet devices .

" Stand Up for Love " is a song recorded by American girl group Destiny 's Child for their first greatest hits album , # 1 's ( 2005 ) . Columbia Records released it as the album 's first single on September 27 , 2005 . The song was written by Amy Foster - Gillies and David Foster with the latter also serving as the producer along with Humberto Gatica . Musically , " Stand Up for Love " is a slow - tempo contemporary R&B ; ballad that draws influences from pop . The song is inspired by poverty - stricken children and families . It was termed the 2005 World Children 's Day Anthem and used in conjunction with McDonald 's Ronald McDonald House Charities in order to raise awareness of that day . Upon its release , " Stand Up for Love " received negative reviews from music critics who criticized its composition and inclusion on the compilation album . The song became Destiny 's Child 's first single to fail to chart in the United States or any other music chart . A music video was directed by Matthew Rolston featuring the band members singing the song , both individually and together . " Stand Up for Love " was performed live by Destiny 's Child in November 2005 at the Jimmy Kimmel Live ! show and on World Children 's Day at Ronald McDonald House in Los Angeles . Several South Korean groups and singers covered the song .

Siebe Gorman & Company Ltd was a British company that developed diving equipment and breathing equipment and worked on commercial diving and marine salvage projects . The company advertised itself as ' Submarine Engineers ' . It was founded by Augustus Siebe , a German - born British engineer chiefly known for his contributions to diving equipment . Siebe plc started in the 1970s as a continuation of Siebe Gorman when Siebe Gorman started to take over other firms , to mean the new conglomerate to distinguish it from Siebe Gorman 's original breathing apparatus and diving gear core business . Siebe plc was once one of the United Kingdom 's largest engineering businesses . It was a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index but in 1999 it merged with BTR plc to form Invensys . Invensys was taken over by the French multinational Schneider Electric for £ 3.4 billion in January 2014 .

Flood Street is a residential street in Chelsea , London , England . It runs between King 's Road to the north and Royal Hospital Road to the south . Just further to the south is the River Thames . The closest tube station is Sloane Square to the northeast . The street commemorates Luke Thomas Flood ( d.1860 ) a major Chelsea land owner and a benefactor of the poor . The most famous resident of Flood Street ( No . 19 ) was the former British prime minister Margaret Thatcher . The house was bought by Margaret Thatcher and her husband Denis Thatcher in 1967 and sold in 1986 . She celebrated her first 1979 general election victory here . Another former resident of Flood Street was the theatrical manager , director , teacher , and actor , George Devine CBE ( 1910 – 1966 ) . Part of Hill House School is located there . The Violet Melchett Children 's Centre is located at 30 Flood Street . The Coopers Arms public house is at 87 Flood Street .

Among KYB 's main products company are shock absorbers , air suspensions , power steering systems , hydraulic pumps , motors , cylinders , and valves . It is one of the world 's largest shock absorber manufacturers and it also has the largest market share of concrete mixer trucks in Japan , with 85 % of the market . The company has 34 manufacturing plants and 62 offices in 21 countries . The American division of KYB corporation is headquartered in Addison , IL . It was established in 1974 and now distributes aftermarket automotive shocks and struts . At the moment , the North American division of KYB employs around 100 full - time employees . Overall , in the United States , there are 3 divisions of KYB . Two of them are in Chicago , IL and one is in California . Shocks and struts for vehicles are the most popular KYB products distributed in North America .

The Wedding Church at Cana ( ) or simply Wedding Church , also Franciscan Wedding Church , is the name given to a religious building of the Catholic Church located in the central part of the town of Kafr Kanna ( Cana ) , in the Lower Galilee in northern Israel . It is dedicated to weddings . Its name commemorates an event from the Christian Gospel of John , known as The Wedding at Cana , during which Jesus performed the miracle of turning water into wine . The Church is owned by the Custody of the Holy Land , part of the Franciscan order in the Catholic Church . The current church was built circa 1881 , and expanded from 1897 - 1905 , following efforts by the Franciscans to acquire the site between 1641 and 1879 , when acquisition was completed . Twentieth - century archaeological excavations indicated that , before the current church building , the site housed a Jewish synagogue in the fourth and fifth centuries , and tombs under the rule of the Byzantine Empire in the fifth and sixth centuries . In 1901 the current facade was built , and September 30 , 1906 , Bishop Angelo Roncalli consecrated the altar . In the second half of the 1990s , the Holy Land began an extensive renovation of the church . The complete renovation of the church was completed in 1999 .

Northern Burlington County Regional High School is a four - year comprehensive public high school that serves students in ninth through twelfth grades from four communities in Burlington County , New Jersey , United States , as part of the Northern Burlington County Regional School District . Students are served from Chesterfield Township , Mansfield Township , North Hanover Township and Springfield Township , along with children of USAF personnel based at McGuire Air Force Base . First opening to students upon the completion of the current building in 1960 , the school is located in the Columbus section of Mansfield Township . The school has been accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Secondary Schools since 1966 . As of the 2015 - 16 school year , the school had an enrollment of 1,314 students and 97.9 classroom teachers ( on an FTE basis ) , for a student – teacher ratio of 13.4:1 . There were 115 students ( 8.8 % of enrollment ) eligible for free lunch and 64 ( 4.9 % of students ) eligible for reduced - cost lunch .

Dr. Christian Shephard is a fictional character on the ABC television series Lost played by John Terry . He is the father of lead characters Jack Shephard ( Matthew Fox ) , who becomes the de facto leader of the survivors of Oceanic 815 after it crashes on an island , and Claire Littleton ( Emilie de Ravin ) , another of the survivors on the Island . Christian died of an alcohol - induced heart attack days before the flight , leading to much of his story being told through flashbacks . In the fourth season and fifth season he is again featured on the Island several times , seemingly acting as a messenger for the leader of the Others , Jacob ( Mark Pellegrino ) . In the sixth season , the Man in Black ( Titus Welliver / Terry O'Quinn ) admitted that he had " impersonated " Christian during the first week after the crash of Flight 815 . Christian is introduced in the fourth episode of the series , and goes on to feature in thirteen more , including a pivotal scene in the series finale , as well as two webisodes . He is an example of two of the main themes in Lost : father issues and character crossovers .

The Grom - Bach is a small river of Hesse , Germany . The Grom - Bach flows into the Ohebach in Frielendorf . Its source is located southeast of Linsingen at an altitude of above sea level . From Linsingen , the Grom - bach flows in a northeastern direction , turns after about to the north - west . Shortly before the village of Todenhausen , the Grom - bach turns into an easterly direction , then into a southerly direction to flow to Spieskappel . Before the Grom - Bach reaches Spieskappel , it turns again to the north - east and immediately after passing under the federal highway , it merges with the approaching Hohlenbach coming from the south . Up to the mouth in the Ohebach ( near Weidemühle ) at the northern end of the village Frielendorf , the Grom - Bach covered a length of and a height difference of approximately .

Raymond Hackett ( July 15 , 1902 – July 7 , 1958 ) was a stage and screen actor . He had been a child actor on the Broadway stage and was the brother of Albert Hackett . He was born in New York City the son of Maurice Hackett and Florence Hackett ( née Hart ) . His mother was later a silent screen actress . Hackett 's first wife was Myra Hampton , the marriage was dissolved . His second wife was the actress Blanche Sweet . As a child he first appeared on stage in New York in 1907 in The Toymaker of Nuremberg ; Nov. 25 , 1907 Garrick Theatre . In Sept. 1909 he appeared with Margaret Anglin in the play The Awakening of Helena Richie . In early silent films was called Master Raymond Hackett and appeared with his brother Albert in several shorts and one 1921 feature film The Country Flapper co - starring Dorothy Gish and Glenn Hunter . Had a major adult Broadway success in The Cradle Snatchers 1925 with Mary Boland and Humphrey Bogart . Hackett was popular in early sound films but his movie career ceased about 1934 .

The Violin Concerto in A minor , Op . 53 ( B.108 ) , is a concerto for violin and orchestra composed by Antonín Dvořák in 1879 . It was premiered in Prague in 1883 by František Ondříček , who also gave the Vienna and London premieres . Today it remains an important work in the violin repertoire . The concerto is scored for solo violin and an orchestra consisting of 2 flutes , 2 oboes 2 clarinets ( in A ) , 2 bassoons , 4 horns , 2 trumpets , timpani , and strings . Its structure is the classical three movements , fast – slow – fast . The first movement and the second movement are interconnected ( attacca subito ) . Dvořák was inspired to write the concerto after meeting Joseph Joachim in 1878 , and composed the work with the intention of dedicating it to him . However , when he finished the concerto in 1879 , Joachim became skeptical about it . Joachim was a strict classicist and objected , inter alia , to Dvořák 's abrupt truncation of the first movement 's orchestral tutti . Joachim also did n't like the fact that the recapitulation was cut short and that it led directly to the slow second movement . It is also assumed that he was upset with the persistent repetition found in the third movement . However , Joachim never said anything outright and instead claimed to be editing the solo part . He never actually performed the piece in public . The concerto was first performed in the United States on October 30 , 1891 , at the Auditorium Theatre in Chicago . Max Bendix was soloist with the Chicago Orchestra led by Theodore Thomas .

McDermott Will & Emery is an international law firm with a diversified business practice . The firm is one of the largest grossing law firms globally , and its lawyers represent a wide range of commercial , industrial and financial enterprises , both publicly and privately held . The firm consists of multiple legal entities that are coordinated through service agreements : McDermott Will & Emery LLP ( based in Illinois with offices throughout the US and a foreign office in South Korea ) , McDermott Will & Emery AARPI ( France ) , McDermott Will & Emery Belgium LLP , McDermott Will & Emery Rechtsanwälte Steuerberater LLP ( both based in Delaware with offices in Belgium or , respectively , Germany ) , McDermott Will & Emery Studio Legale Associato ( Italy ) and McDermott Will & Emery UK LLP .

Makvala Kasrashvili ( , , ) is a Georgian - Russian opera singer ( soprano ) . Born 13 March 1942 ( not 15 March 1948 , as some sources incorrectly state ) in Kutaisi , Georgian SSR , she graduated from Tbilisi State Conservatory in 1966 . Since 1968 , she has been a soloist with Bolshoi Theatre , Moscow . Beginning with her international debut at Metropolitan Opera , New York City , in 1979 , she has also performed at Royal Opera House and Covent Garden , London . She was awarded State Prizes of Georgia in 1983 and of Russia in 1998 , and the title of People 's Artist of the USSR in 1986 . Since 2000 , she has been the Director of Opera at the Bolshoi Theatre .

Robert McDougall ( 16 April 1813 – 25 June 1887 ) was a cattle breeder and politician in colonial Victoria , a member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly . Born in Fortingall , Perthshire , Scotland , McDougall was the son of Alexander McDougall , a sheep farmer , and his wife Grace , née Stewart . McDougall enjoyed hunting and fishing in the western Scottish islands ; from 1836 to 1839 he trapped beaver in Canada . After returning briefly to Scotland , he emigrated to Australia , arriving in Melbourne in November 1841 . In November 1856 , McDougall was elected to the Victorian Legislative Assembly for West Bourke , a position he held until resigning in August 1857 . McDougall bred shorthorn cattle and bought the Arundel farm in Keilor in 1870 . He purchased two prize Booth type bulls from England planning to create stock in opposition to the Bates strain bred by his rival , Niel Black . McDougall died at Ellora , Moonee Ponds , Victoria on 25 June 1887 .

Việt Tân ( ) is a network of members inside Vietnam and around the world , that aims to establish democracy and reform Vietnam through peaceful and political means . The organization was founded on September 10 , 1982 with Vice - admiral Hoàng Cơ Minh elected as chairman , which operated underground for two decades . On September 19 , 2004 , then - chairman Nguyễn Kim publicly introduced Viet Tan as it is known today . Viet Tan 's activities are rooted in the promotion of non - violent political change in Vietnam . The organization is outlawed in Vietnam and the government of Vietnam considers it " a terrorist force " . The U.S. government , most notably former U.S. Ambassador Michael Michalak , rejected this view , while United Nations describes Viet Tan as " a peaceful organization advocating for democratic reform " .

Benjamin Thomas Zobrist (; born May 26 , 1981 ) , nicknamed Zorilla , is an American professional baseball second baseman and outfielder for the Chicago Cubs of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) and part time contributor to Tim Dillard 's postseason pregame show . He previously played for the Tampa Bay Devil Rays / Rays , his first MLB club and where he spent the majority of his career , and briefly for the Oakland Athletics and Kansas City Royals . Zobrist has played in three World Series , winning the last two becoming a two - time World Series champion in consecutive seasons of 2015 with the Royals and 2016 with the Cubs . Zobrist was the 2016 World Series Most Valuable Player . He is one of seven players in MLB history to have won back - to back World Series championships on different teams , the other five being Jake Peavy , Jack Morris , Bill Skowron , Clem Labine , Don Gullett , and Ryan Theriot . A versatile defender and a switch - hitter with a high walk rate , he has played roughly half his innings at second base , and has also spent significant time at shortstop and various outfield positions . Thus , he has often been referred to as a " super utility player " .

Giacomo Albé ( July 18 , 1829 – 1893 ) was an Italian painter , mainly of portraits . He was born in Viadana , Province of Mantua . He studied in Rome and Bergamo under Giuseppe Diotti , and then went to work mainly in Mantua for some decades . From 1850 to 1859 , he painted in Havana , Cuba under the name of Joaquin . He was a resident in Milan . He painted a posthumous portrait of the Senator Arrivabene of Mantua ; of signor Ottavio Rumi ; and portraits of girls for signor Adolfo Naham and Count Carlo Borromeo . He painted the son of signora Sola Busca , exhibited in 1888 at Bologna , and sold to the Countess Fanny Magnaguti Revedin . He died in Milan in 1893 .

PeopleSoft , Inc. was a company that provided human resource management systems ( HRMS ) , Financial Management Solutions ( FMS ) , supply chain management ( SCM ) , customer relationship management ( CRM ) , and enterprise performance management ( EPM ) software , as well as software for manufacturing , and student administration to large corporations , governments , and organizations . It existed as an independent corporation until its acquisition by Oracle Corporation in 2005 . The PeopleSoft name and product line are now marketed by Oracle . PeopleSoft Financial Management Solutions ( FMS ) and Supply Chain Management ( SCM ) are part of the same package , commonly known as Financials and Supply Chain Management ( FSCM ) . PeopleSoft Campus Solutions ( CS ) is a separate package developed as a student information system for colleges and universities .

A sponging - house was a place of temporary confinement for debtors in the United Kingdom . If a borrower defaulted on repaying a debt , their creditor would lay a complaint with the sheriff . The sheriff sent his bailiffs , or tipstaffs to arrest the debtor and take him to the local sponging - house . This was not a debtors ' prison , as such , but a private house , often the bailiff 's own home . The debtor would be held there temporarily in the hope that they could make some arrangement with the creditors . Anthony Trollope set out the system in his novel The Three Clerks of 1857 : If debtors could not sort matters out quickly , they were then taken before a court and transferred to a debtor 's prison . Sponging - houses had a terrible reputation , which was made clear in a description by Montagu Williams , a London lawyer who knew them well , in his Down East and Up West of 1892 : The idea of the sponging - house was based on that of the sponge that gave it its name , which readily gives up its contents on being squeezed . The sponging - house was the place where debtors had any available cash squeezed out of them , partly to the creditor 's benefit , but also to that of the bailiff who ran it . In French , “ éponger une dette ” ( sponge - up a debt ) means to repay one ’s debt .

Gerd Tellenbach ( 17 September 1903 – 12 June 1999 ) was a German historian and scholar of medieval social and religious history , particularly of the Papacy and German church during the Investiture Controversy and reform movements of the eleventh and twelfth centuries . Tellenbach also made groundbreaking contributions to the study of the medieval nobility and helped establish a new field of research dedicated to mapping social networks and familial ties among medieval elites ( Personenforschung ) . After studying history at the universities of Freiburg and Heidelberg , he taught in Gießen , Münster , and finally the Albert - Ludwigs - Universität in Freiburg , where he served as Rektor ( chancellor ) in 1949 – 1950 and again in 1957–1958 . From 1962 to 1971 , he was director of the German Historical Institute in Rome , a state - sponsored research center dedicated to German - Italian studies and the history of the Papacy in the Middle Ages .

" The Pool of the Black One " is one of the original short stories starring the sword and sorcery hero Conan the Cimmerian , written by American author Robert E. Howard . It 's set in the pseudo - historical Hyborian Age , and concerns Conan becoming the captain of a pirate vessel while encountering a remote island with a mysterious pool which has the power of transmutation . First published in Weird Tales in October 1933 , the story was republished in the collections The Sword of Conan ( Gnome Press , 1952 ) and Conan the Adventurer ( Lancer Books , 1966 ) . It has more recently been published in the collections The Conan Chronicles Volume 1 : The People of the Black Circle ( 2000 ) and ( Del Rey , 2003 ) .

The Eagle : A Crime Odyssey ( In Danish : " Ørnen : En krimi - odyssé " ) ( 2004 - 2006 ) is a Danish police procedural television series produced by Danmarks Radio , created and written by Peter Thorsboe and Mai Brostrøm . The series debuted on 10 October 2004 in Denmark . It won an International Emmy Award from the International Academy of Television Arts & Sciences for best non - American television drama series in 2005 . There were three seasons ; the second season premiered in Denmark on 9 October 2005 and the third on 8 October 2006 . The last episode originally aired in Denmark on 26 November 2006 . The series was filmed on location in various parts of northern Europe , from Berlin ( Germany ) and Copenhagen ( Denmark ) to Stockholm ( Sweden ) , Oslo ( Norway ) and other locations including Iceland .

Since Malta 's Independence in 1964 , there has been a rapid increase in buildings all over the country . However , most of the urban areas are concentrated around the Grand Harbour and Marsamxett Harbour areas where some of the country 's most busy places are situated ; Sliema , Saint Julian 's , Paceville , Msida , Gżira , Ta ' Xbiex and Pietà . As cars and road transport grew more and more popular in the country , the population started to spread out to farther areas and nowadays some other urban areas have developed ; Saint Paul 's Bay ( including Qawra , Buġibba and Xemxija ) and Mellieħa in the North , whilst having Marsaskala and the Malta Freeport area in the South of the country . Some of the tall buildings in Malta , such as the Metropolis Plaza in Gżira , are still under construction . The highest structure ever built in Malta was the Delimara Power Station chimney , standing above ground , until its demolition in 2017 – 18 . The tallest building will be one of the towers at the Metropolis Plaza in Gżira , with 33 storeys .

Girls Trip is a 2017 American comedy film starring Regina Hall , Queen Latifah , Tiffany Haddish , and Jada Pinkett Smith . The film is directed by Malcolm D. Lee and written by Kenya Barris and Tracy Oliver , from a story by the pair and Erica Rivinoja , who based the script off their own experiences with their female friends . It follows a group of four friends who go to New Orleans to attend the Essence Music Festival in order to reconnect . Girls Trip premiered at the American Black Film Festival in Miami on June 14 , 2017 , and was theatrically released in the United States by Universal Pictures on July 21 , 2017 . It received positive reviews from critics , with many praising Haddish 's performance , and was chosen by Time magazine as one of its top ten films of 2017 . It grossed $ 140 million worldwide , including over $ 100 million domestically , the first comedy of 2017 to do so . It was also the first time a film by an African - American female screenwriter crossed the $ 100 million mark .

Australian Geographic is a media business that produces the Australian Geographic magazine , DMag magazine , specialist book titles , travel guides , diaries and calendars and online media . It published editions of the Australian Encyclopaedia . It previously operated the Australian Geographical retail chain stores and Australian Geographic Travel and Australian Geographic Adventures . Australian Geographic magazine , originally titled Dick Smith 's Australian Geographic , is a bi - monthly geographical journal created by Dick Smith in 1986 . The magazine focuses mainly on stories about Australia , or about Australian people in other countries . The six editions published each year are available by subscription and on newsstands . They include posters or sheet maps in each edition , as well as photographs and detailed technical illustrations . Australian Geographic also has a website that includes the entire magazine digital archive . Each year , a portion of the profits is provided to the Australian Geographic Society , which Australian Geographic claims is the non - profit arm of Australian Geographic . Members of the public were invited to become members and make financial contributions to the Society . In a circular relationship , the magazine was represented to be the " official journal of the Australian Geographic Society " . Through its Society , Australian Geographic supports scientific research as well as environmental and community projects . Funds are also used to highlight and support Australian adventurers and produce related diaries , calendars and books .

Bhuvaraghan Palaniappan ( 5 November 1930 – 23 March 2014 ) was an Indian gynecologist . In recognition of his contributions to medicine , Palaniappan received the Padma Shri award from then President of India , Abdul Kalam , on 29 March 2006 . In a recent interview Dr. B. Palaniappan presents in a terse fashion what he considers as his major contribution at the national level to the welfare of child - bearing women in the second most populous country of the world and about the powerful influence he had among his students as a role - model ; some of his students write to express appreciation from different parts of the world , which expressions he regards as his major accomplishment . Links to the 3 part interview : Part 1 Part 2 Part 3 . Palaniappan was a Fellow of the National Academy of Medical Sciences .

Chipilo is a small city in the state of Puebla , Mexico . It is located south of the state capital Puebla , Puebla , at a height of above sea level . Its official name is Chipilo de Francisco Javier Mina . The people of Chipilo are called chipileños in Spanish , or cipilegni in Venetian . Chipilo was founded on October 2 , 1882 , by immigrants from the northern Italian region of Veneto . Most came from the town of Segusino and other surrounding towns in the province of Treviso . These immigrants arrived in Mexico in search of fertile land , leaving behind the poverty that was plaguing Veneto at that time . Most of them took up cattle raising , and the dairy products of Chipilo became famous in Puebla and other regions in central Mexico . Some maintain a derived Venetian dialect ( part of Venetian language ) . In 1982 , the townspeople of Chipilo celebrated the 100th anniversary of the foundation of the city along with visitors from the Veneto region . In this celebration the city of Segusino , Italy , was declared Chipilo 's Twin city .

John Wright Hickenlooper Jr. (; born February 7 , 1952 ) is an American politician , businessman and the 42nd and current Governor of Colorado , in office since 2011 . He is a member of the Democratic Party . Born in Narberth , Pennsylvania , Hickenlooper is a graduate of Wesleyan University . After his career as a geologist , Hickenlooper entered a career in business and cofounded the Wynkoop Brewing Company in Denver . Hickenlooper was elected the 43rd mayor of Denver in 2003 , serving two terms , until 2011 . After incumbent governor Bill Ritter announced that he would not seek reelection , Hickenlooper announced his intentions to run for the Democratic nomination , in January 2010 . He won in an uncontested primary and faced Constitution Party candidate , former representative Tom Tancredo , and Republican businessman Dan Maes in the general election , which he won with 51 % of the vote . He was re - elected to a second term in 2014 , defeating Republican former U.S. representative Bob Beauprez by 49 % to 46 % .

Unearthed is a box set by Johnny Cash , released two months after his death in 2003 . It was produced by Rick Rubin and released by American Recordings . The first three discs feature outtakes and alternate versions of songs recorded for American Recordings , Unchained , and . The fourth disc , My Mother 's Hymn Book features gospel songs Cash first learned from his mother as a child and was later reissued as a standalone release . The final disc is a best of distillation of the first four American albums . Rock historian Graeme Thomson in his monograph , The Resurrection of Johnny Cash : Hurt , Redemption , and American Recordings has called Unearthed a monolithic achievement . It was certified Gold on 12/2/2004 by the RIAA .

" Not happy , Jan ! " was a line delivered by comedian Deborah Kennedy in an Australian television advertisement from the year 2000 . Due to the ad 's popularity in Australia , the line entered the cultural vernacular as a catch phrase used to express a feeling of discontent . The television commercial from which the phrase originated was created by advertising agency Clemenger BBDO Melbourne for Sensis ( the directories arm of Telstra ) , to promote the upcoming deadline for advertising in Australia 's Yellow Pages . In the commercial , a businesswoman ( Kennedy ) has just discovered that one of her staff ( Jan ) has neglected to book an ad in the upcoming year 's Yellow Pages . Realising they will have to wait another year , she calmly goes through some anger management techniques . When Jan runs away from work , Kennedy 's unnamed character talks to herself and counts to ten before opening the window and shouting " Not happy , Jan ! " towards the fleeing figure of Jan. The phrase was coined by Kennedy on the day of shooting . The ad ended up becoming lucrative for Australia 's Yellow Pages with the words " Closing Soon . Call 132378 " appearing on television from 2000 to 2003 . Since the advertisement , " Not happy , Jan " has entered the Australian vernacular to express displeasure , particularly at a problem caused by another 's negligence or incompetence . In the time immediately following the advertisement , it was usually said in a manner which mimicked the advertisement , but today is usually spoken with a casual , slightly stern tone . Women named Jan were particularly targeted . The phrase was co - opted by the unsuccessful ' Not happy , John ! ' campaign , opposing the re - election of Australian Prime Minister John Howard in the 2004 federal election . The title of the campaign also became the title of a book detailing the negative aspects of the Howard Government . Both " Not happy , Jan , " and " Not happy , John " , are common noms de plume used in short letters to newspaper editors . The commercial was featured on the Australian TV series 20 to 1 as one of the best Australian commercials of all time . On 6 October 2009 , the catch phrase " Not happy , Jan ! " was rated as best catch phrase in Australia on the ill - fated Australian TV series of 2009 The Spearman Experiment .

Seventh - day Adventists believe that Ellen G. White , one of the church 's co - founders , was a prophetess , understood today as an expression of the New Testament spiritual gift of prophecy . Seventh - day Adventist believe that White had the spiritual gift of prophecy , but that her writings are inferior to the Bible , which has ultimate authority . According to the 28 Fundamentals the core set of theological beliefs held by the Seventh - day Adventist Church , states that Adventists accept the Bible as their only creed and can be read online on the website of the Seventh - day Adventist Church . The 18 of the 28 Fundamentals states the Adventists viewpoint on the Gift of Prophecy : According to one church document , " her expositions on any given Bible passage offer an inspired guide to the meaning of texts without exhausting their meaning or preempting the task of exegesis " . In other words , White 's writings are considered an inspired commentary on Scripture , although Scripture remains ultimately authoritative . Adventist believe she had the spiritual gift of prophecy as outlined in Revelation 19:10 . Her restorationist writings endeavor to showcase the hand of God in Christian history . This cosmic conflict , referred to as the " Great Controversy theme " , is foundational to the development of Seventh - day Adventist theology .

Zubtsovsky District ( ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) , one of the thirty - six in Tver Oblast , Russia . It is located in the south of the oblast and borders with Staritsky District in the north , Lotoshinsky District of Moscow Oblast in the northeast , Shakhovskoy District , also of Moscow Oblast , in the east , Gagarinsky District of Smolensk Oblast in the south , Sychyovsky District , also of Smolensk Oblast , in the southwest , and with Rzhevsky District in the west . The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the town of Zubtsov . Population : 17,216 ( 2010 Census ) ; The population of Zubtsov accounts for 40.2 % of the district 's total population .

The Gordon Riots of 1780 was a massive anti - Catholic protest in London against the Papists Act of 1778 , which was intended to reduce official discrimination against British Catholics . Lord George Gordon , head of the Protestant Association warned that the law would enable Catholics in the British Army to become a dangerous threat . The protest evolved into riots and widespread looting . Local magistrates were afraid of reprisals and did not issue the riot act . There was no repression until the Army finally moved in and started shooting . The main violence lasted from 2 June to 9 June , 1780 . The Popery Act 1698 had imposed a number of penalties and disabilities on Roman Catholics in England ; the 1778 Act eliminated some of these . An initial peaceful protest led on to widespread rioting and looting and was the most destructive in the history of London . Painted on the wall of Newgate prison was the proclamation that the inmates had been freed by the authority of " His Majesty , King Mob " . The term " King Mob " afterwards denoted an unruly and fearsome proletariat . The Riots came at the height of the American War of Independence , when Britain , with no large ally , was fighting American rebels , France , Spain , and the Dutch Republic . Public opinion , especially in middle - class and elite circles , repudiated anti - Catholicism and lower - class violence , and rallied behind Lord North 's government . Demands were made for a London police force .

Further Down the Spiral is the second remix album by American industrial rock band Nine Inch Nails . It is the companion remix disc to the band ’s second studio album , The Downward Spiral , and was released on June 1 , 1995 in two editions , one denoted as Halo 10 ( released in the United States and in the United Kingdom on the morning of release , to be pulled and replaced with Halo 10 V2 by lunch time ) and the other as Halo 10 V2 ( released in Japan , Australia , and the UK ) , each containing a different set of tracks . The album was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) on June 26 , 1996 , denoting sales in excess of 500,000 copies in the US . Further Down the Spiral showed a more varied and experimental point of view to the original and boasted many high - profile remixers and contributors including Aphex Twin , JG Thirlwell , Rick Rubin with Dave Navarro and Coil with Danny Hyde . The discs include remixes of " Mr. Self Destruct " , " Piggy " , " Hurt " , " Eraser " , " The Downward Spiral " , " Heresy " , " Reptile " , and " Ruiner " , as well as two original compositions by Aphex Twin .

Football in Australia refers to football codes played in the country including Australian rules football , rugby league , rugby union , association football ( soccer ) , American football and Gaelic football . Professional football is played in Australia for four of these codes , with the leagues involved including the Australian Football League ( Aussie rules ) , the National Rugby League ( Rugby League ) , Super Rugby ( rugby union ) , and the A - League ( soccer ) . Professional football has been televised for many years , with Australian rules football and rugby league being the most popular codes on television . Australia has a number of national football teams encompassing several football codes including Australian rules , rugby league , rugby union , soccer , Gaelic and gridiron . Australian football is the most popular sport in Australia , followed by cricket , association football and rugby league . Some form of football was first played in Australia in 1829 . By the 1860s , Australian rules and rugby union clubs were established in Melbourne and Sydney . Soccer or " British Association Football " as it was referred to would arrive in the colony by 1870 , with the first official match played in 1880 . Intercolonial football matches were being played by 1879 . Women 's football matches were being organised by the 1920s . National football governing bodies were being established in the same time period . The regional football code divide in Australia was still present in the 1980s , with rugby league being the dominant code in Queensland and New South Wales while Australian rules football dominated in the rest of the country , whilst still being played throughout all of Australia and with soccer being played in ethnic enclaves . Attempts to move outside these traditional boundaries were largely unsuccessful . The different codes attract different participation levels that reflect historical trends . In 2011 , soccer had more junior participants nationally than any other football code with Australian rules the second - most played . Historically , soccer drew largely from minority ethnic groups , and rugby league and rugby union drew from populations in Queensland and New South Wales . Australian rules football attracted participants primarily from the remaining states and territories but also throughout all of Australia . Australian rules also has had one of the highest rates of participation amongst Australia 's indigenous communities .

The NetWare Core Protocol ( NCP ) is a network protocol used in some products from Novell , Inc. It is usually associated with the client - server operating system Novell NetWare which originally supported primarily MS - DOS client stations , but later support for other platforms such as Microsoft Windows , the classic Mac OS , Linux , Windows NT , Mac OS X , and various flavors of Unix was added . The NCP is used to access file , print , directory , clock synchronization , messaging , remote command execution and other network service functions . It originally took advantage of an easy network configuration and a little memory footprint of the IPX / SPX protocol stack . Since mid-1990s the TCP / IP implementation is available . Novell eDirectory uses NCP for synchronizing data changes between the servers in a directory service tree .

Healing Camp , Are n't You Happy ( ) , or simply known as Healing Camp , is a South Korean talk show which began airing on July 18 , 2011 on Monday nights at 11:15   p.m. KST on SBS . It is hosted by comedian Lee Kyung - kyu , broadcaster Kim Je - dong , and actress Sung Yu - ri . The program is known to have created a new genre of talk shows focused on " healing " , which have become the trend of talk shows in 2012 and 2013 . Healing Camp is also known for its superior casting capabilities , inviting top actors and actresses , as well as politicians , athletes , and other influential people who are not easily seen on entertainment programs . In June 2013 , it was announced that Han Hye - jin would leave the program following her marriage to footballer Ki Sung - yueng in July and would move to London with him .

The rivalry between Flamengo and Atlético Mineiro is a footballing rivalry played between Brazilian clubs Clube de Regatas do Flamengo , from Rio de Janeiro , and Clube Atlético Mineiro , from Belo Horizonte . The clubs first played against each other in 1929 , but until regular competitions were introduced in Brazilian football in 1959 , the encounters were played at friendly level , since they come from different states : Flamengo is from Rio de Janeiro , while Atlético Mineiro hails from Minas Gerais . The rivalry developed in the 1980s from numerous controversial encounters between the two clubs in that decade 's Brasileirão and Copa Libertadores editions . It remained through the following years , and is considered the biggest interstate rivalry in Brazilian football .

Julius Strasburger ( 26 December 1871 , in Jena – 28 October 1934 , in Frankfurt am Main ) was a German internist . He was the son of botanist Eduard Strasburger ( 1844 – 1912 ) . He studied medicine at the universities of Bonn and Freiburg , receiving his doctorate in 1894 at Bonn with the thesis Die Sarcome des Dickdarms ( " The Sarcomas of the Colon " ) . Following graduation , he served as an assistant to Carl Gerhardt at the second medical clinic in Berlin , and also as an assistant under Friedrich Schultze at the internal clinic in Bonn . In 1911 he became an associate professor at the University of Breslau , then in 1914 was named a full professor of internal medicine at the University of Frankfurt am Main . At Frankfurt , he also served as head of the institute for physical therapy . His specialized areas of study were blood circulation , physical therapy and the pathology of digestion . With internist Adolf Schmidt ( 1865 – 1918 ) , the " Schmidt - Strasburger diet " is named ; being defined as a diet used to facilitate the testing of feces in various types of diarrhea . Food items used in the diet are milk , zwieback , eggs , butter , beef , boiled potato , and gruel . With Schmidt , he published Die Faeces des Menschen ( 1903 , 3rd edition 1915 ) . In 1909 he published Einführung in die Hydrotherapie und Thermotherapie ( " Introduction to hydrotherapy and thermotherapy " ) .

Return to Castle Wolfenstein is a first - person shooter video game published by Activision , released on November 19 , 2001 for Microsoft Windows and subsequently for PlayStation 2 , Xbox , Linux and Macintosh . The game serves as both a remake and a reboot to the Wolfenstein series . It was developed by Gray Matter Interactive and Nerve Software developed its multiplayer mode . i d Software , the creators of Wolfenstein 3D , oversaw the development and were credited as executive producers . The multiplayer side eventually became the most popular part of the game , and was influential in the genre . Splash Damage created some of the maps for the Game of the Year edition . A sequel , titled Wolfenstein , was released on August 18 , 2009 .

Victor Albert Sinclair ( 18 May 1872 –-17 March 1944 ) was a lawyer and political figure in Ontario . He represented Oxford South in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1914 to 1919 as a Conservative member . He was born in Tillsonburg , the son of Dr. Lachlin C. Sinclair and Roxiliana Norman , and was educated in Tillsonburg , at the University of Toronto and Osgoode Hall . He was called to the bar in 1896 and entered practice in Tillsonburg . Sinclair served on the town council for Tillsonburg and served two years as mayor . He also served as high school trustee from 1910 to 1919 . In 1901 , he married Gertrude L. Draper . Sinclair served as president of the Tilsonburg Horticultural Club . He was also vice - president of the Tilsonburg Shoe Company . He later served as chairman of the Worker 's Compensation Board of Ontario from 1925 to 1934 when he was removed from office by Mitchell Hepburn . He was an insurance lawyer in Toronto from 1935 until his death in March 1944 .

The Occupation of the Hainburger Au wetlands in December 1984 marked a turning point for awareness in German speaking central Europe and was of great significance for the development of democratic processes in Austria . The Hainburger Au is a large naturally occurring flood plain bordering the River Danube at , and upstream of , Hainburg in Lower Austria . It is a short distance to the east of Vienna 's main airport . Since 1996 it has been part of the Danube - Auen National Park . In February 1983 the of the World Wide Fund for Nature ( WWF ) began a campaign under the slogan " Rettet die Auen " to preserve the Hainburger Au flood plain . With the help of various media channels the WWF began to publicise the threat of impending destruction for a large part of the region . The threat came from plans , which at the end of 1984 still enjoyed the full support of the Austrian government , to construct a hydro - electric power plant . As events unfolded , the nature of the protesters ' demonstrations and a mass - occupation of the threatened area changed peoples ' understanding of democracy as well as national energy policy in Austria .

The Mascarene martin or Mascarene swallow ( Phedina borbonica ) is a passerine bird in the swallow family that breeds in Madagascar and in the Mascarene Islands . The nominate subspecies occurs on Mauritius and Réunion and has never been found away from the Mascarene Islands , but the smaller Madagascan subspecies , P.   b.   madagascariensis , is migratory and has been recorded wintering in East Africa or wandering to other Indian Ocean islands . The Mascarene martin is a small swallow that has grey - brown underparts becoming white on the throat and lower abdomen , dark grey - brown upperparts and a slightly forked tail . The underparts are heavily streaked with black . It nests in small colonies anywhere with suitably sheltered sites for constructing a nest , such as ledges , buildings , tunnels , caves or amongst rocks . The nest is a shallow cup of twigs and other plant material , and the normal clutch is two or three brown - spotted white eggs . The incubation and fledging times are unknown . The Mascarene martin has a heavy flight with slow wingbeats interspersed with glides , and frequently perches on wires . It feeds on insects in flight , often hunting low over the ground or vegetation . In eastern Africa , open habitats such as deforested areas are frequently used for hunting . A number of internal and external parasites have been detected in this species . Tropical cyclones can adversely affect populations on the smaller islands , but the Mascarene martin is a locally common bird with an apparently stable population and is classed as a species of Least Concern by the International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) . Its legal protection ranges from none on the French overseas department of Réunion to a status on Mauritius as a " species of wildlife in respect of which more severe penalties are provided " .

This is a list of Ambassadors of the United States to the Democratic Republic of the Congo . From 1877 until 1960 , the republic had been a colony of Belgium , first under the name Congo Free State and then Belgian Congo . The Congo was granted its independence on June 30 , 1960 , adopting the name “ Republic of the Congo ” ( République du Congo ) . As the French colony of Middle Congo ( Moyen - Congo ) also chose the name Republic of Congo upon receiving its independence , the two countries were more commonly known as Congo - Léopoldville and Congo - Brazzaville , after their capital cities . The United States immediately recognized the new Republic of the Congo and moved to establish diplomatic relations . The embassy in Léopoldville ( now Kinshasa ) was established on June 30 , 1960 , with John D. Tomlinson as Chargé d'Affaires ad interim . The first ambassador , Clare H. Timberlake was appointed on July 5 , 1960 . In 1971 , President Joseph - Désiré Mobutu changed the country ’s official name to Zaire . In 1997 , President Laurent Kabila restored the name " Democratic Republic of the Congo " , previously used from 1964 to 1971 .

The Calais Conference was a 26 February 1917 meeting of politicians and generals from France and the United Kingdom . Ostensibly about railway logistics for the upcoming allied Spring offensive the majority of the conference was given over to a plan to bring British forces under overall French command . The British Prime Minister David Lloyd George was supportive of the proposal and arranged for the British war cabinet to approve it in advance of the conference , without the knowledge of senior British generals Douglas Haig and Sir William Robertson . The latter were surprised when the proposal was presented by French General Robert Nivelle at the conference . The next day the two generals met with Lloyd George and threatened their resignations rather than implement the proposal . This led to the significant watering - down of the plan with greater freedom given to British commanders . The conference caused mistrust between the British civil and military chiefs and set back the cause of a unified allied command until Spring 1918 , when the successful German Spring Offensive rendered it essential .

List of Mountains in South Africa is a general list of mountains in South Africa , with elevation . This list includes mountains in two other sovereign states , in the Stormberg - Drakensberg range , where the highest elevations are to be found in Lesotho , as well as Emlembe , the highest mountain in Swaziland , located at the border with South Africa . The highest mountain in South Africa is high Mafadi , located on the border of South Africa and Lesotho . Several of the highest peaks have snow in the Southern hemisphere winter season . A Khulu is a peak above and not within of another Khulu , as defined by the Mountain Club of South Africa . Seweweekspoortpiek and Du Toits Peak are among the ultra prominent peaks of Africa . A few mountains , such as Spion Kop or Isandlwana are historically important hills , even though they are relatively not very high . Table Mountain is important because of its emblematic value .

" Stay ( Faraway , So Close ! ) " is a song by rock band U2 . It is the fifth track on their 1993 album , Zooropa , and was released as the album 's third single on 22 November 1993 . The song was a top ten hit in Ireland , Australia , the United Kingdom , and several other countries . The music video was shot in Berlin , Germany . The earliest incarnation of the song developed during sessions for the group 's 1991 album Achtung Baby . It was written for and inspired by Frank Sinatra and bore his surname as the original working title . An alternate recording was used in the Wim Wenders film Faraway , So Close!. " Stay ( Faraway , So Close ! ) " was well received by critics and nominated for a Golden Globe for Best Original Song . The song made its live debut on the Zoo TV Tour but has only been performed intermittently in an acoustic version over subsequent tours . Members of U2 consider it to be one of their favourite songs ; guitarist The Edge named it the best track on the album , while lead singer Bono stated that it was one of their best creations .

The Used is an American rock band formed in Orem , Utah , in 2001 . The group consists of vocalist Bert McCracken , bassist Jeph Howard , drummer Dan Whitesides , and guitarist Joey Bradford . The group signed to Reprise Records and rose to fame in June 2002 after releasing their self - titled debut album . They followed up with their second album , In Love and Death , in September 2004 and their third album , Lies for the Liars , in May 2007 . Shallow Believer , an EP that featured most of the band 's B - sides , was released in February 2008 . They spent 2008 working on their fourth studio album , Artwork , which was released in August 2009 . A fifth album , titled Vulnerable , was released in March 2012 through the independent label Hopeless Records . In summer 2013 they released another EP titled The Ocean of the Sky . Their sixth album , Imaginary Enemy , released in April 2014 . Their 7th studio album titled The Canyon was released October 27 , 2017 . The Used have enjoyed much success with their albums achieving gold and platinum statuses in many countries worldwide .

Elazar Menachem Man Shach ( ) Elazar Shach ( January 1 , 1899 O.S. – November 2 , 2001 ) was a leading Lithuanian - Jewish Haredi rabbi in Bnei Brak , Israel . He also served as one of three co - deans of the Ponevezh Yeshiva in Bnei Brak , along with Rabbis Shmuel Rozovsky and Dovid Povarsky . Due to his differences with the Hasidic leadership of the Agudat Yisrael in 1984 , he allied with Rabbi Ovadia Yosef , who had founded the Shas party . Later , in 1988 , Shach sharply criticized Ovadia Yosef , and said that , " Sepharadim are not yet ready for leadership positions " , and subsequently founded the Degel HaTorah political party representing Lithuanian ( non - Hasidic ) Ashkenazi Jews in the Israeli Knesset .

The Kaohsiung Incident , also known as the Formosa Incident , the Meilidao Incident or the Formosa Magazine incident , was the result of pro - democracy demonstrations that occurred in Kaohsiung , Taiwan , on 10 December 1979 . The incident occurred when Formosa Magazine , headed by veteran opposition legislator Huang Shin - chieh , and other opposition politicians held a demonstration commemorating Human Rights Day in an effort to promote and demand democracy in Taiwan . At that time , the Republic of China was a one - party state and the government used this protest as an excuse to arrest the main leaders of the political opposition . The Kaohsiung Incident is widely regarded as a seminal event in the post - war history of Taiwan and the watershed of the Taiwan democratization movements . The event had the effect of galvanizing the Taiwanese community into political actions and is regarded as one of the events that eventually led to democracy in Taiwan .

María Alicia Lemme ( born 1954 ) is an Argentine Peronist politician . She is a former Vice - Governor and Governor of San Luis Province and also former Mayor of San Luis . Born in Villa Mercedes , San Luis Province , Lemme became an architect by profession and served as Mayor of Juana Koslay ( 1991 – 97 ) , and in the Provincial Legislature ( 1997 – 99 ) . She was elected Vice - Governor of the Province alongside Adolfo Rodríguez Saá in 1999 . Rodríguez Saá 's appointment as President of Argentina by Congress in December 2001 left Lemme the governorship . She was the first female governor since the restoration of democracy . Lemme stepped down in 2003 , allowing Alberto Rodríguez Saá to stand for election to the Governorship formerly held by his brother Adolfo . Later that year , she and Adolfo were elected as National Deputies . In 2006 , Lemme took a leave of absence from Congress . She was elected as Mayor of San Luis in August 2007 with just over 50 % of the vote defeating incumbent Mayor Alfonso Vergés , the candidate of the Front for Victory of then President Néstor Kirchner .

Gilbert Heron Miller ( July 3 , 1884 - January 2 , 1969 ) was an American theatrical producer . Born in New York City , he was the son of English - born theatrical producer Henry Miller ( 1859 – 1926 ) and Bijou Heron , a former child actress . Raised and educated in Europe , he returned home to follow in his father 's footsteps and became a highly successful Broadway producer . Miller served as director of the League of New York Theatres as well as an officer of the Actors Fund . He also managed the St James 's Theatre in London . Nominated three times , Gilbert Miller won the Tony Award for Best Play in 1950 for his production of " The Cocktail Party . " In 1965 , he was given a Special Tony Award " for having produced 88 plays and musicals and for his perseverance which has helped to keep New York and theatre alive . " Gilbert Miller died in 1969 and was interred in the Woodlawn Cemetery in The Bronx , New York .

Gales Creek is an unincorporated community in Washington County , Oregon , United States on Oregon Route 8 northwest of Forest Grove in the foothills of the Oregon Coast Range . Gales Creek shares its name with a stream , a tributary of the Tualatin River , that was named for pioneer Joseph Gale , who settled in the area The locale was sometimes called Gales City . Gales Creek post office was established in 1874 . In the 19th century the town was the last stagecoach stop on the way to Tillamook . Gales Creek Elementary School was established in 1859 and is served by the Forest Grove School District . The school closed in 2011 , and currently acts as a special education treatment facility . The community is part of the Forest Grove Fire and Rescue district and has a fire station .

Iñaki Ochoa de Olza ( May 29 , 1967 in Pamplona , Navarre – May 23 , 2008 in Annapurna , Nepal ) was a Spanish mountaineer , alpinist and climber . Ochoa de Olza took part in more than thirty separate climbing expeditions in the Himalayas over the course of his career , and he was involved in more than 200 expeditions as a guide . His records included climbing 12 of the world 's 14 tallest mountains ( repeating one of them , Cho Oyu ) without the aid of oxygen . Ochoa went on record as saying that he did not believe in using oxygen to climb mountains , claiming " if you use oxygen , you are not an alpinist , you are more of an astronaut or a scuba diver . " . He died of pulmonary edema in May 2008 while attempting to climb Annapurna ( which would have been his 13th eight thousander ) .

The Stephen Phillips House is a historic house and museum located in the McIntire Historic District in Salem , Massachusetts , United States and was designed by Samuel McIntyre . Phillips House began with Elias Hasket Derby , one of America 's first self - made millionaires from the sea trade . When he died in 1799 , his daughter , Elizabeth and her husband , Captain Nathaniel West , inherited his farm in Danvers , Massachusetts . They built a country house on the property , sparing little expense . A grand estate was in the making . In 1806 , shortly after the house was completed , a divorce forced Nathaniel off the property . After Elizabeth died in 1814 , the house was left to her three daughters . When one of the daughters died in 1819 , Nathaniel inherited one - third of the estate . He proceeded to move four rooms to Salem , the museum 's present location . At that time , he added a hallway , a third floor , and a back ell section . In 1911 , Stephen W. Phillips bought the house , moving in with five generations of family furnishings . He lived in the house until his death in 1955 . The house remains as it was at that time , containing an eclectic collection representing the Phillips 's extensive travels . The Phillips House is now owned and operated as a historic house museum by Historic New England and is open for public tours . The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 .

" If This Is n't Love " is a song recorded by American recording artist Jennifer Hudson . It was written and composed by Planet VI , brothers Theron and Timothy Thomas , along with Brian Kennedy for her eponymous debut album , released in 2008 . Production on the song was handled by the latter and Harvey Mason , Jr .. Musically , it is a midtempo contemporary R&B ; ballad with pop elements , built along on a piano and electric guitar sounds . The song was released as the second single from the album following " Spotlight " in 2009 . Upon release , " If This Is n't Love " was met with generally positive reviews from contemporary critics who praised the song 's structure and its modern interpretation for an adult audience . On the charts , the track failed to make much impact , though it reached number five of the US Billboard Hot R&B;/Hip - Hop Songs and the top forty of the UK Singles Chart . Hudson promoted the song on The Ellen DeGeneres Show on March 26 , 2009 and on American Idol on Wednesday ’s results show on April 15 , 2009 .

Ali - Reza Asgari ( , born 1 November 1952 ) was an Iranian general of the Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps , deputy defense minister , and cabinet member of Iranian President Mohammad Khatami . Asgari had been " pushed aside " from his ministerial role after President Ahmadinejad , a former rival , came into power in 2005 . Asgari disappeared in Turkey in early 2007 , and news reports indicate that he either defected or was kidnapped by Western intelligence agencies . His disappearance has also led to reports that Iran would retaliate by kidnapping American or Israeli officials in Europe . According to The Sunday Times , Asgari was described as a " gold mine for western intelligence " by an Israeli defence source who claimed that they had been following him since the 1980s .

Beaver River is a hamlet that is six tenths of a mile square , at the east end of Stillwater Reservoir , in the town of Webb in Herkimer County , New York , United States . The hamlet is surrounded by the Adirondack Park . The hamlet has a year - round population of eight , that increases during the summer as many people have camps in this wilderness area . There are 125 private properties , and three commercial businesses . No roads lead to the hamlet ; it is accessible only by hiking , rail car or boat in the summer and by snowmobile , snowshoes or cross country skis in the winter . There is no electrical service . The town is named for the Beaver River , which was impounded to form the Stillwater Reservoir . The Beaver River is a west - flowing tributary of the Black River and part of the Lake Ontario watershed . The New York Central Railroad right of way , on the National Register of Historic Places passes through the hamlet ; an existing bunkhouse is a part of the historic property .

Leonardtown is a town in and the county seat of St. Mary 's County , Maryland , United States . The population was 2,930 at the 2010 census . Leonardtown is perhaps most famous for the national oyster - shucking championship that occurs annually at the St. Mary 's County fairgrounds . Historic Leonardtown includes both a large public high school and a public middle school Leonardtown Middle School as well as a Catholic high school and an elementary school Leonardtown Elementary School , offices of the county government , and MedStar St. Mary 's Hospital which serves the healthcare needs of the county . The College of Southern Maryland maintains a growing satellite campus within city limits , including an aquatic center . An upscale home development located in the Breton Bay area is just outside town , notable for both its country club golf course and swimming pool . Leonardtown 's population has grown significantly since 1990 as a result of the town 's proximity to Patuxent River Naval Air Station and the Washington , DC metro area .

Edward Mandell House ( July 26 , 1858 – March 28 , 1938 ) was an American diplomat , politician , and an adviser to President Woodrow Wilson . He was known by the nickname Colonel House , although he had performed no military service . He was a highly influential back - stage politician in Texas before becoming a key supporter of the presidential bid of Wilson in 1912 . Having a self - effacing manner , he did not hold office but was an " executive agent " , Wilson 's chief advisor on European politics and diplomacy during World War I ( 1914 – 18 ) and at the Paris Peace Conference of 1919 . In 1919 Wilson , suffering from a series of small strokes , broke with House and many other top advisors , believing they had deceived him at Paris .

Edith L. Tiempo ( April 22 , 1919 – August 21 , 2011 ) , poet , fiction writer , teacher and literary critic was a Filipino writer in the English language . Tiempo was born in Quezon City , but later became a resident of Kawit , Cavite . Her poems are intricate verbal transfigurations of significant experiences as revealed , in two of her much anthologized pieces , " Halaman " and " Bonsai . " As fictionist , Tiempo is as morally profound . Her language has been marked as " descriptive but unburdened by scrupulous detailing . " She is an influential tradition in Philippine Literature in English . Together with her late husband , writer and critic Edilberto K. Tiempo , they founded ( in 1962 ) and directed the Silliman National Writers Workshop in Dumaguete City , which has produced some of the Philippines ' best writers . She was conferred the National Artist Award for Literature in 1999 .

Pattukkottai is a town in Thanjavur district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu . The town came to prominence throughout Southern India after the construction of the fort by Vanaji Pandithar , a feudatory of the Thanjavur Maratha ruler Shahuji I in 1686 – 87 . The recorded history of Pattukkottai is known from the 17th century and has been ruled , at different times , by the Thanjavur Marathas and the British . It is the headquarters of the Pattukkottai taluk of Thanjavur district and is one of the three municipalities in the district . Pattukkottai comes under the Pattukkottai assembly constituency which elects a member to the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly once every five years and it is a part of the Thanjavur ( Lok Sabha constituency ) which elects its Member of Parliament ( MP ) once in five years . The town is administered by the Pattukkottai municipality , which covers an area of . As of 2011 , the town had a population of 73,135 . The town is a part of the fertile Cauvery delta region , but fishery is the major occupation . Roadways and railways are the major mode of transportation to Pattukkottai and the nearest international airport is Tiruchirapalli Airport , located away from the town , in the city of Tiruchirappalli .

, also known as i Love Katamari , is a third - person puzzle - action video game developed by Namco Bandai Games for iOS . It is a continuation of the Katamari Damacy series of games . It was released worldwide in the App Store on ( and subsequently removed on ) . In 2010 Namco announced a Windows Phone 7 version of the game . A version was released for Android in 2012 exclusively for Samsung Android devices . In this game , the King of the Cosmos instructs the game 's protagonist – the Prince – to gather as many objects as possible to grow a highly adhesive ball called a Katamari large enough so that he can pick up special objects to bring to the King so that he can regain his memory . The gameplay is identical to that of Katamari Damacy , where the player rolls a highly adhesive ball called a Katamari , collecting various objects of increasing size until it becomes large enough to transform into a star . The game utilizes the specialized technology from the iPhone and iPod Touch in which players tilt the device to move the Katamari across the playing field . I Love Katamari received mixed reviews . While it has been praised for its game presentation , it has also been criticized for performance and control issues . The performance and control issues were improved in an update , but not entirely fixed . As of 2018 the game has been delisted from the Apple App Store and Google Play Store , though it is not available on the Windows Store , the page for it is still active .

Music for a Blue Train is a 48-minute 2003 documentary about busker musicians in the Montreal Metro subway train system . It was written and directed by Mila Aung - Thwin of EyeSteelFilm and produced by Germaine Ying Gee Wong for the National Film Board of Canada . A harmonica player known as Bad News Brown ( real name Paul Frappier ) acts as an impromptu host in the documentary bringing the viewers snippets of the lives of musicians in Montreal 's subway system – The Metro – run by Société de transport de Montréal ( STM ) that gives around 60 spots on a first - come , first - served basis , provided the musician - busker registers his name early enough as soon as the Metro opens to the public and returns during his assigned time to perform for an hour or two , amidst indifference from most passersby or , at times , a token word of encouragement .

Public holidays in Canada , known as statutory holidays , stat holidays , or simply stats , consist of a variety of cultural , nationalistic , and religious holidays that are legislated in Canada at the federal or provincial and territorial levels . While many of these holidays are honoured and acknowledged nationwide , provincial and territorial legislation varies in regard to which are officially recognized . There are five nationwide statutory holidays , and six additional holidays for federal employees . Each of the 13 provinces and territories observes a number of holidays in addition to the nationwide days , but each varies in regard to which are legislated as either statutory , optional , or not at all . Currently , the provinces of Alberta and Prince Edward Island have the most legislated holidays in comparison to other provinces and territories , with 12 days off . Many public and private employers , as well as school systems , provide additional days off around the end of December , often including at least a full or half - day on December 24 ( Christmas Eve ) or December 31 ( New Year 's Eve ) , or in some cases the entire week between Christmas and New Year . While not officially legislated in any capacity , internationally notable cultural holidays such as Valentine 's Day , St. Patrick 's Day , Halloween , Mother 's Day , and Father 's Day are traditionally observed by Canadians as part of Canadian culture .

École Polytechnique (; also known as EP or X ) is a French public institution of higher education and research in Palaiseau , a suburb southwest of Paris . It is one of the most prestigious and selective French grandes écoles . It is known for its polytechnicien engineering degree programme . The school was established in 1794 by the mathematician Gaspard Monge during the French Revolution , and was a military academy under Napoleon I in 1804 . Although Polytechnique is no longer a military academy , the school is still supervised by the French ministry of defense , and only a small number of its students choose to pursue a military career . Initially located in the Latin Quarter of central Paris , the school 's main buildings were moved in 1976 to Palaiseau on the Saclay Plateau . Polytechnique has engaged in several partnerships to improve its international renown . It is a founding member of ParisTech , a grouping of leading engineering colleges in the Paris region established in 2007 . In 2014 it also became a founding member of the confederal University of Paris - Saclay . Among its alumni are three Nobel prize winners , three Presidents of France and many CEOs of French and international companies . As of 2018 , it is associated with 4 Fields Medal winners and is also currently ranked as the world 's third - best small university by Times Higher Education 's World University Rankings . During the 19th century , the specific model of École Polytechnique inspired the foundation of other well - known schools also named " Polytechnic , " such as Polytechnique Montréal and Caltech ( initially a vocational school named the Throop " Polytechnic " Institute ) .

Mega Man ZX Advent , known in Japan as , is a video game developed by Inti Creates and published by Capcom for the Nintendo DS handheld game console . It is the sequel to Mega Man ZX and its most recent installment . Taking place a few years after the events of the first game , Mega Man ZX Advent follows two new protagonists , Grey and Ashe , as they battle with various enemy " Mega Men " , the infamous " Model W " , and their own destinies . The title plays very similarly to its predecessor with a multitude of expansions , including twice as many playable forms . Also different from its predecessor is the North American localization which now includes a full English voice cast . However , the European localization includes a partial English voice cast and Japanese UI selectable via Firmware . The game was first released in Japan on July 12 , 2007 . The North American version was released on October 23 , 2007 . It was released in Europe on February 29 , 2008 , and in Australia on March 5 , 2008 . The story focuses on the chosen wielder of a Biometal ( ライブメタル or ¨Live Metal¨ in Japanese ) advanced technology that is capable of Mega - Merging with its wielder and absorbing DNA from defeated enemies . The story varies slightly depending on the character the player chooses to play : if Grey is chosen by the player , the story begins with Grey waking up in an Abandoned Laboratory ; if Ashe is chosen , the story begins with Ashe already awake and in a Hunters airship . The remainder of the story follows the same storyline .

The Nushagak River ( Iilgayaq in Central Alaskan Yup'ik ) is a river in southwest Alaska , United States . It begins in the Alaska Range and flows southwest to Nushagak Bay , an inlet of Bristol Bay , east of Dillingham , Alaska . The Mulchatna River is a major tributary . Other navigable tributaries include the Nuyakuk River and the King Salmon River . Jet - boats are commonly used to access these tributaries and the upper Nushagak . The Iowithla River and the Kokwok River are smaller tributaries . The villages of Portage Creek , Ekwok , Koliganek and New Stuyahok are on the river . The town of Dillingham ( Pop . 2,466 ) is on Nushagak Bay . The Nushagak River is downstream of the proposed Pebble Mine , whose tailings storage lake would sit at the headwaters of the Koktuli River , one of the Nushagak 's tributaries . Villages on the Nushagak are among the major opponents of the proposal . Five species of Pacific salmon ( Chinook , coho , sockeye , chum , and pink ) spawn in the river or its tributaries . Commercial , subsistence and sport fishing are important in the area . Most notable is the annual run of king ( Chinook ) salmon which occurs from mid - June to mid - July . Rainbow trout , northern pike , grayling , burbot , whitefish and Arctic char are also present in the Nushagak . It is estimated that over 50 % of the world 's production of wild salmon is harvested in the Nushagak River and the Bristol Bay area .

The Qu River ( ) is a tributary of the Nanpan River ( Pearl River ) in Yunnan province , southwestern China . The Qu rises in southwestern Jiangchuan County and flows through the Yuxi City , Eshan Yi Autonomous County , Tonghai County , Jianshui County and Huaning County to reach its mouth at the Panxi Town of the Huaning County . The river has a length of 208   km and drains an area of 3,472 square km . There are some distinct names for the river in different places : Jiangchuan County : Jiuxi River ( ) Yuxi City : Zhou River ( ) or Yuxi River ( ) Eshan Yi Autonomous County : Ni River ( ) or Eshan River ( ) Tonghai County : Liucun River ( ) Jianshui County : Zhuji River ( ) Huaning County : Huaxi River ( )

Bartolomeo Passerotti ( 1529 – 1592 ) was an Italian painter of the mannerist period , who worked mainly in his native Bologna . His family name is also spelled Passerotti or Passarotto . He traveled to Rome in the mid-16th century , where he worked under Girolamo Vignola and Taddeo Zuccari . Upon returning to Bologna , he accumulated a large studio , and influenced many Bolognese who would later play a role in the rise of the Baroque . Annibale Carracci ( whose brother Agostino studied with Passerotti ) was influenced by Passerotti 's genre scenes in a select set of paintings ( such as The Beaneater and The Butcher 's Shop , the latter being originally attributed to Passerotti ) . Lucio Massari and Francesco Brizzi were among his pupils . Four of Passerotti 's sons , including Ventura , Aurelio , Tiburzio and Passarotto were painters .

The Out Crowd was a U.S. indie rock band featuring bass guitarist Matt Hollywood , a former member of The Brian Jonestown Massacre . He formed the group in late 2001 in Portland , Oregon with drummer Stuart Valentine , guitarist Elliott Barnes , bassist Joe Patterson and tambourine player Sarah Jane . Go on , Give a Damn was produced by Gregg Williams ( The Dandy Warhols ) and released in early 2003 on Elephant Stone Records . The band toured on the American West Coast in 2003 . Then I Saw The Holy City    was produced by Brian Coates , engineer / producer for The Dandy Warhols , and released in the fall of 2004 on The Kora Records . The Out Crowd supported fellow neo - psychedelic bands Dead Meadow and The Warlocks nationally in 2004 as well as The Dandy Warhols on their 2005 North American tour . Matt Hollywood has confirmed that the band broke up in 2006 . Since the demise of the band , Matt Hollywood has been recording songs and playing shows for his new project The Rebel Drones , Sarah Jane joined Portland band The Upsidedown and Stuart Valentine has been releasing solo material . In 2009 , Matt Hollywood rejoined the Brian Jonestown Massacre .

Kamerik is a town in the Dutch province of Utrecht . It is a part of the municipality of Woerden , and lies about 3   km north of Woerden . In 2010 , the town of Kamerik ( including Kanis ) had 3808 inhabitants . The built - up area of the town was 0.43   km² , and contained 877 residences . The statistical district " Kamerik and Kanis " , which includes two villages and the surrounding countryside , has a population of around 3050 . This does not include the separate villages of Kamerik - Mijzijde and Oud - Kamerik . Until it was merged with Woerden in 1989 , Kamerik was a separate municipality . Between 1818 and 1857 , it was split into two municipalities : Kamerik - Mijzijde on the west side , and Kamerik - Houtdijken on the east .

The Immigration Depot ( , Aapravasi Ghat ) is a building complex located in Port Louis on the Indian Ocean island of Mauritius , the first British colony to receive indentured , or contracted , labour workforce from India . From 1849 to 1923 , half a million Indian indentured labourers passed through the Immigration Depot , to be transported to plantations throughout the British Empire . The large - scale migration of the laborers left an indelible mark on the societies of many former British colonies , with Indians constituting a substantial proportion of their national populations . In Mauritius alone , 68 percent of the current total population is of Indian ancestry . The Immigration Depot has thus become an important reference point in the history and cultural identity of Mauritius . Unchecked infrastructural development in the mid-20th century means that only the partial remains of three stone buildings from the entire complex have survived . These are now protected as a national monument , under the Mauritian national heritage legislation . The Immigration Depot 's role in social history was recognized by UNESCO when it was declared a World Heritage Site in 2006 . The site is under the management of the Aapravasi Ghat Trust Fund . Conservation efforts are underway to restore the fragile buildings back to their 1860s state .

Mats Rådberg , born 8 June 1948 in Brännkyrka Parish in Stockholm , Sweden is a Swedish country singer , guitarist , composer and architect scoring several chart successes in Sweden during the 1970s and 80s . He is well known for working together with the country band Rankarna under the name Mats Rådberg & Rankarna . He also participated at Melodifestivalen 1977 with the song Du och jag och sommaren , written by Tomas Ledin , which ended up 10th . Mats Rådberg also acted as a background singer behind Chips at Melodifestivalen 1980 . In 1980 , he released the album I 'm the Singer , You 're the Song together with Elisabeth Andreasson , and in 1983 he scored a hit with the song Peta in en pinne i brasan , a Swedish - language version of Put Another Log on the Fire .

Iva imbricata is a North American species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names dune marsh - elder and seacoast marsh elder . It is native to Cuba , the Bahamas , and coastal areas of the United States from Texas to Virginia . It is a low shrub , found on sand dunes and the upper beach . It is a highly salt tolerant plant , and is often the perennial plant closest to the ocean . Iva imbricata is an important species for dune stabilization and can easily be propagated by cuttings . It sometimes grows up to 100   cm ( 40 inches ) tall . It produces numerous flower heads in elongated arrays , each head with 2 - 17 disc flowers but no ray flowers .

John III Comyn , Lord of Badenoch and Lord of Lochaber , also known simply as the Red Comyn ( c. 1269 – 10 February 1306 ) , was a Scottish nobleman who was an important figure in the First War of Scottish Independence , and was Guardian of Scotland during the Second Interregnum ( 1296 – 1306 ) . In this capacity , he commanded the defence of Scotland against English attacks . He is best known for having been stabbed to death by Robert the Bruce before the altar at the church of the Greyfriars at Dumfries . His father , John II Comyn , Lord of Badenoch , known as the Black Comyn , was one of the Competitors for the Crown of Scotland , claiming his descent from King Donald III of Scotland . His mother was Eleanor Balliol , daughter of John I de Balliol , father of King John Balliol ( r. 1292 – 1296 ) . He had , moreover , links with the royal house of England : in the early 1290s he married Joan de Valence , daughter of William de Valence , 1st Earl of Pembroke , an uncle of Edward I of England .

The Negri River is a river in Australia . It flows from the Northern Territory into Western Australia , where it merges with the Ord River to become part of the Ord River catchment . It is roughly 100 kilometres long . It was named by Alexander Forrest on 2 August 1879 , the same day he named the Ord River . The following is from his journal . We started on again today , and steering N. E. and E.N.E. for about six miles , we came to a large river , very similar in character to the one we have been following down during the last week . I have named this river the Negri , after Commander Christopher Negri of Turin . In all probability it joins the one we have just left ; so , after crossing it , we turned Northwards , hoping again to come upon the larger stream .

Jonah Fisher is a correspondent for BBC News and its first resident correspondent for Myanmar . Jonah Fisher is an experienced BBC correspondent and during an eventful 10 years working for the BBC has been based in Eritrea , Sudan , London , South Africa , Nigeria and most recently , Thailand . He has worked on many features for the BBC including : interviewing Buddhist monk Wirathu and members of Burma 's Muslim community who have been caught up in clashes with Buddhist nationalists in 2013 , accompanying Greenpeace tracking whales hunted by the Japanese whaling fleet ; and violence against journalists by Sudanese security forces outside Khartoum , Sudan where he was attacked . From 2012 to 2014 , Fisher was the BBC 's correspondent in Bangkok where he covered anti - government protesters in Bangkok as demonstrators try to unseat the Thai Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra . He can be followed on Twitter at @JonahFisher .

Claude Pascal ( Paris , February 19 , 1921 – Paris , February 28 , 2017 ) was a French composer . After studying at the Conservatoire de Paris , he obtained the 1945 Premier Prix de Rome for the cantata , La farce du contre Bandier . After a brief period as conductor of the Opéra - Comique , Pascal became professor at the Paris Conservatoire in 1952 , a position he held until his retirement in 1987 . From 1969 to 1979 he worked as a music critic for Le Figaro , and from 1983 to 1991 he was an expert on copyright issues at the Paris Court of Appeals . Pascal 's extensive work as a composer includes practically every musical genre . The discography of his works consists of more than thirty CDs .

The Grand Magazine was the first British pulp magazine . It was published monthly between February 1905 and April 1940 . Published by George Newnes , it initially emulated Newnes 's highly successful Strand Magazine , featuring a mix of fiction and non - fiction . In 1908 , it was renamed The Grand Magazine of Fiction . The New York Times greeted the appearance of the new magazine with the comment that " this is a promising periodical , containing much that will commend itself to the decent popular taste " , and added that " Mr Herbert Greenhough Smith , who has been the editor of The Strand Magazine , occupies the same post on the new periodical " . Although Herbert Greenhough Smith was associated with the launch of the magazine , the first editor , until 1910 , was Alderson Anderson . The many authors whose work appeared in The Grand included Agatha Christie , E. Phillips Oppenheim , Baroness Orczy , Rafael Sabatini , Edgar Wallace and P. G. Wodehouse .

Dr. Thomas A. McLaughlin ( 1896 - 28 May 1971 ) was an Irish engineer from Drogheda , Co . Louth , and one of the key people in the Shannon hydroelectric scheme , an early icon of the Irish Free State . He then helped establish the Electricity Supply Board ( ESB ) which distributed electricity across Ireland and promoted the rural electrification of Ireland . McLaughlin studied at University College Dublin and University College Galway . After qualifying as an electrical engineer , he started working for Siemens - Schuckert - Werke in Berlin in late 1922 . He was impressed with the success of electrifying Pomerania , an area in Germany similar in scale to Ireland . McLaughlin promoted the concept of using the River Shannon as a basis for a hydro - electric and electrification scheme . He succeeded in having scheme adopted against intense political opposition .

Sima Shi ( ) ( 208 – March 255 ) , courtesy name Ziyuan , was a military general and regent of Cao Wei during the Three Kingdoms period of China . In 249 , he assisted his father Sima Yi in overthrowing the emperor Cao Fang 's regent Cao Shuang , allowing the Sima family to become paramount authority in the state , and he inherited his father 's authority after his father 's death in 251 . He maintained a tight grip on the political scene and , when the emperor Cao Fang considered action against him in 254 , he had Cao Fang deposed and replaced with his cousin Cao Mao . This tight grip eventually allowed him to , at the time of his death in 255 , transition his power to his younger brother Sima Zhao , whose son Sima Yan eventually usurped the throne and established the Jin dynasty . After Sima Yan became emperor , he , recognising Sima Shi 's role in his own imperial status , posthumously honoured his uncle as Emperor Jing ( 景帝 ) , with the temple name Shizong ( 世宗 ) .

Helldivers is a top - down shooter game developed by Arrowhead Game Studios and published by Sony Computer Entertainment . The game was released for the PlayStation 3 , PlayStation 4 and PlayStation Vita with cross - play , on March 3 , 2015 in North America and on March 4 , 2015 in Europe , respectively . A version for Microsoft Windows was also released via Steam on December 7 , 2015 . It features couch or online co - op , or a combination of both , for up to four players . Helldivers takes inspiration from military science fiction such as Aliens and Starship Troopers . While solo play is possible , the intent is for two to four players to cooperate on missions to enemy - controlled planets . Almost every weapon or tool accessible to players can hurt their teammates , making discipline and coordination paramount .

Chung Hwan Kwak ( born January 22 , 1936 ) is a prominent leader of the international Unification Church , having been appointed to many leadership positions in Unification Church related organizations by church founder Sun Myung Moon . Since 2002 he has been the Chairman and President of News World Communications , which owns United Press International , and numerous other publications , including the Middle East Times , and Tiempos del Mundo , a Spanish - language newspaper published in 16 countries throughout the Americas . He is also the president of the Family Party for the Universal Peace and Unity , a South Korean political party founded by Unification Church members , one of whose main goals is the reunification of Korea . He was formerly the President of the Family Federation for World Peace and Unification and has been described as Sun Myung Moon 's assistant and advisor . His daughter , Jun Sook Kwak , is married to Moon 's son , Hyun Jin Moon . He is also the Chairman of the Social Responsibility Committee for the Asian Football Confederation .

The Paskačić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Паскачић , Paskačići / Паскачићи ) was a Serbian noble house that served the Serbian Empire , of Dušan the Mighty ( r. 1331 - 1355 ) and Uroš the Weak ( r. 1355 - 1371 ) , then the Mrnjavčević ' Lordship of Prilep ( 1371 – 1395 ) during the Fall of the Serbian Empire . The eponymous founder was kefalija Paskač , and the family base was in Slavište ( modern Macedonia ) and they held the modern border region between Serbia and the latter . Paskač had a son , Vlatko Paskačić , ( hence , the family is also known as Vlatković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Влатковић , Vlatkovići / Влатковићи ) ) who received the title of sevastokrator in 1365 , when Vukašin Mrnjavčević was declared co - ruler as King of Serbs and Greeks .

Saint Louis is a 1592 - 1595 painting by El Greco , painted during his time in Toledo . It is now in the Louvre in Paris . It shows Louis IX of France wearing 16th century armour and a crown and holding his family symbol of a fleur de lys and the traditional sceptre of the kings of France . Gregorio Marañon and Manuel Bartolomé Cossío argue the model was a patient at the Hospital del Nuncio or an old print . Louis was the grandson of Alfonso VIII of Castile , meaning that in the late 16th century he was revered in both France and Spain , particularly since no Spanish king was canonised until Ferdinand III of Castile received the honour in 1671 . The work was commissioned by Luis de Castilla , the painter 's friend and future executor - the saint was also Luis ' name saint . For a period the work was in the collection of the château de Chenonceau , before being acquired by its present owner in 1903 . A recent restoration has revealed a cityscape in the background , showing Toledo .

Károly Güttler ( born 15 June 1968 in Budapest ) is a former breaststroker from Hungary , who represented his native country at four consecutive Olympics , beginning with the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul and ending with the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney , Australia . He won the silver medal in the 100   m and 200   m breaststroke , once each , both at separate Games . Güttler enjoyed a productive year in 1993 when he won gold and silver in the 100   m and 200   m breaststroke respectively at the European Championships in Sheffield , United Kingdom . He broke the 100   m breaststroke world record in the semifinal , with 1:00.95 . This record stood until 1996 . This led to him being awarded the World Swimmer of the Year and European Swimmer of the Year by Swimming World Magazine .

" The Invisible Man " is a song by the British rock band Queen , written by drummer Roger Taylor but credited to Queen . The song is sung mostly by Freddie Mercury , with vocal contributions from Taylor . Originally released on the album The Miracle , it was released as a single in 1989 . Taylor claims that he got the inspiration to create the song while reading a book ( possibly the book of the same name ) , and the bassline instantly came to his imagination . This song marks the only time in any of Queen 's songs that all four band members names are mentioned in the lyrics . The first being Freddie Mercury , followed by John Deacon . Brian May 's name is then said twice ( just before his guitar solo starts ) , and while saying " Roger Taylor " , the first " r " is rolled to emulate the drums at the end of the verse . Freddie Mercury 's name is said by drummer Roger Taylor , and the other ones by the lead singer Freddie Mercury .

The Famatinian orogeny ( ) is an orogeny that predates the rise of the Andes and that took place in what is now western South America during the Paleozoic , leading to the formation of the Famatinian orogen also known as the Famatinian belt . The Famatinian orogeny lasted from the Late Cambrian to at least the Late Devonian and possibly the Early Carboniferous , with orogenic activity peaking about 490 to 460 million years ago . The orogeny involved metamorphism and deformation in the crust and the eruption and intrusion of magma along a Famatinian magmatic arc that formed a chain of volcanos . The igneous rocks of the Famatinian magmatic arc are of calc - alkaline character and include gabbros , tonalites and granodiorites . The youngest igneous rocks of the arc are granites . The relationship of the orogeny with the Achala and Cerro Aspero batholiths of central Argentina is not fully understood . These Devonian batholiths are possibly of post - orogenic character .

Bertrand de Poulengy or Polongy , nicknamed Pollichon , was said to be born in 1392 , somewhere in the Champagne region of France . His father was a nobleman named Jean De Poulengy , though no information is currently known about his mother . Bertrand De Poulengy was described as a nobleman , an equerry of King Charles VII , and about sixty - three years old at the time of Joan Of Arc 's rehabilitation trial in 1455 . He was also the squire who accompanied Joan Of Arc to Chinon with Jean De Metz and other appointed escorts , and ( along with De Metz ) continued to accompany Joan on her adventures throughout her military career , until her capture at Compiègne in March 1430 .

Milton is a town in the South Coast region of New South Wales , Australia , within the City of Shoalhaven . It was founded in 1860 , named after the property of post master George Knight and became an important regional centre during the 19th Century . Today , Milton remains one of the two main commercial centres of the Milton - Ulladulla district , with a population at the of 1,663 . It is a popular stopping place for travellers on the Princes Highway which runs through the centre of town . In recent years , Milton has undergone a resurgence largely influenced by the local tourism industry and an influx of residents to the district seeking a seachange . Several new housing estates are being developed on the fringes of the village and new boutique stores , cafes and bed and breakfast type businesses have located in the town .

Cagayán ( ) (; ; ) is a province of the Philippines in the Cagayan Valley region in the northeast of Luzon Island , and includes the Babuyan Islands to the north . The province borders Ilocos Norte and Apayao to the west , and Kalinga and Isabela to the south . Its capital is the city of Tuguegarao . Cagayán was one of the early provincias that existed during the Spanish Colonial Period . Called La Provincia de Cagayan , its borders essentially covered the entire Cagayan Valley , which included the present provinces of Isabela , Quirino , Nueva Vizcaya , Batanes and portions of Kalinga and Apayao . The former capital was Nueva Segovia , which also served as the seat of the Diocese of Nueva Segovia . Today , only remain of the former vastness of the province . The entire region , however , is still referred to as Cagayan Valley . In 2013 , Cagayán was host to the 27th ( ) and 28th ( ) seasons of the American reality game show , Survivor .

Smith 's Bible Dictionary , originally named A Dictionary of the Bible , is a 19th - century Bible dictionary containing upwards of four thousand entries that became named after its editor , William Smith . Its popularity was such that condensed dictionaries appropriated the title , " Smith 's Bible Dictionary " . The original dictionary was published as a three - volume set in 1863 , in London and Boston , USA . This was followed by A Concise Dictionary of the Bible ( 1865 ) , intended for the general reader and students , and A Smaller Dictionary of the Bible ( 1866 ) , for use in schools . A Comprehensive Dictionary of the Bible ( 1868 ) , was published simultaneously in London and New York , and a four - volume Dictionary of the Bible ( 1871 ) , was published in Boston , amongst other things incorporating the appendices of the first edition into the main body of the text . In the UK , a corresponding second edition of the first volume in two parts , edited by Smith and J. M. Fuller , was published in 1893 . The original publications are now in the public domain ; some derivative , commercial versions are still in copyright . One of the contributors to the dictionary was George Edward Post ( of the American University of Beirut ( AUB ) ) .

The Holy Cross Church ( ) , also known as Hanga Roa Church or simply Catholic Church of Hanga Roa is the name of the religious building affiliated with the Catholic Church in the " Te Pito Te Henua " Street in the city of Hanga Roa , the capital and greater city of the Easter Island , a Territory of Chile in the Pacific Ocean . The temple that follows the Roman or Latin rite was established in 1937 being its first priest Father Sebástian Englert . The building stands out for its external decoration and the gardens that surround it . Mainly remarkable is its facade that mixes Christian religious motifs and native elements . It offers masses in Spanish and you can hear songs in the Rapa Nui language . In the inner part there are images carved locally that represent Christian saints , Jesus Christ and the Virgin Mary . The religious services are attended by both Catholic faithful and tourists attracted by the architecture of the site .

The pale - breasted thrush ( Turdus leucomelas ) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae . It is found in a wide range of wooded habitats in eastern and northern South America , from Colombia to Uruguay , with localized population in the west . This bird seems to have adapted to humans and is very common in human inhabited parts of its range , often nesting in garden shrubs and small trees . In Suriname it is locally known as " Boontjedief , " which means " bean thief " in Suriname Dutch , presumably based on its habit of picking off legumes left out to dry in the sun . In proper Dutch it is called " Vaalborstlijster . " It is also known as " Bonka " in Sranan tongo . In appearance it is similar to the American robin in size and shape , but it lacks the red chest and is more uniformly brown . Its song and feeding habits are also very similar to its distant cousin . In most of its range , it is more likely to be confused with the creamy - bellied thrush . Unlike the creamy - bellied thrush , the pale - breasted thrush has a clear contrast between the head and mantle , and it lacks blackish lores . It eats mostly fruits , but also worms , insects and lizards .

The Emergency ( ) was the state of emergency which existed in the state of Ireland during the Second World War . The state of Ireland remained neutral throughout the war . " The Emergency " has been used metonymically in historical and cultural commentary to refer to the state during the war . The state of emergency was proclaimed by Dáil Éireann on 2 September 1939 , allowing the passage of the Emergency Powers Act 1939 by the Oireachtas the following day . This gave sweeping new powers to the government for the duration of the Emergency , including internment , censorship of the press and correspondence , and government control of the economy . The Emergency Powers Act lapsed on 2 September 1946 . Although the state of emergency itself was not rescinded until 1 September 1976 , no emergency legislation was ever in force after 1946 to exploit this anomaly .

There are 39 counties in the U.S. state of Washington . Washington came from what was the western part of Washington Territory and was admitted to the Union as the 42nd state in 1889 . The first counties were created from unorganized territory in 1845 . Eight of the counties were created by Oregon governments prior to the organization of Washington Territory , 26 were created during Washington 's territorial period , and five more were created after Washington became a state ( Benton , Chelan , Grant , Ferry , and Pend Oreille ) . Article XI of the Washington State Constitution addresses the organization of counties . New counties must have a population of at least 2,000 and no county can be reduced to a population below 4,000 due to partitioning to create a new county . At least one early county , named Quillehuyte , was disestablished by the territorial government due to low population . To alter the area of a county , the state constitution requires a petition of the " majority of the voters " in that area . A number of county partition proposals in the 1990s interpreted this as a majority of people who voted , until a 1998 ruling by the Washington Supreme Court clarified that they would need a majority of registered voters . The Federal Information Processing Standard ( FIPS ) code , used by the United States government to uniquely identify counties , is provided with each entry . The FIPS code links in the table point to U. S. Census " quick facts " pages for each county . Washington 's postal abbreviation is WA and its FIPS state code is 53 .

The Palace Rebellion was a 1949 coup attempt in Thailand . Its plotters aimed to overthrow the government of Field Marshal Plaek Phibunsongkhram and to restore his main civilian rival , Pridi Phanomyong , to the Thai political scene . Pridi had disavowed the use of violence during the immediate aftermath of the 1947 coup , but the frustrations of exile eventually overcame him . Although in the People 's Republic of China , he still maintained contacts with his supporters in Thailand and , with their help , he laid plans for a countercoup . In the first week of February 1949 , he secretly returned to Thailand . Phibun , however , soon learned of Pridi 's intentions and quickly , a radio announcement was made in which he called Pridi his " friend . " He went on to offer Pridi a position in the government , but Pridi decided to go ahead with his plans , and the field marshal 's overtures were rebuffed . A state of emergency was declared by the government in anticipation of the countercoup . It began on February 26 , when a Royal Thai Army officer loyal to Pridi and a group of supporters seized a radio station , and Free Thai elements and Thammasat University teachers and students occupied the Grand Palace . The group at the radio station announced on the air the formation of a new government headed by Pridi 's friend , Direk Chaiyanam . Major - General Sarit Thanarat then moved troops in and easily mandged to oust Pridi from the palace grounds . In the meanwhile , the Royal Thai Navy and the Royal Thai Marine Corps took up defensive positions around Bangkok , to protect their allies . The rebels managed to escape in naval vessels across the Chao Phraya River , and navy units engaged the army in fierce street fighting . A ceasefire was declared that afternoon , but it would take the navy and the army a full week to negotiate a resolution to the crisis .

The Love , Death & Mussolini E.P. was a cassette released by Steven Wilson under the pseudonym of ' Porcupine Tree ' . It compiles a total of nine tracks of which seven were shortly after released in The Nostalgia Factory . The song " Out " was later included on the vinyl edition of the compilation album Yellow Hedgerow Dreamscape and the 2013 CD remaster of the album . " It Will Rain for a Million Years " shares its name with a track in On the Sunday of Life ... but is a totally different song and is elsewhere unavailable . Love , Death & Mussolini was limited to only 10 copies so it is nearly impossible to obtain . According to Steven Wilson himself , he does n't have a copy of the album . Many of the lyrics on Love , Death & Mussolini were written by Alan Duffy and given to Wilson as a gift . The inlay of the sleeve contains credits to some musicians of which only JC Camillioni is an existing person , all of the rest are fictitious band members created by Wilson . The album came with a booklet that had a mocking message explaining why the Love , Death & Mussolini EP is in fact an LP , descriptions of the songs and a catalogue .

Pearce Bailey ( 1865 – 1922 ) was an American neurologist and psychiatrist , educated at Princeton and Columbia Universities . He became a consultant in several New York hospitals and with Collins and Frankel founded the Neurological Institute . He was also appointed an associate professor of neurology in Columbia . On the entry of the United States into World War I , he was appointed chief of the division of neurology and psychiatry in the United States army with the rank of colonel . He perfected a system for weeding out " mental defectives " which is said to have been used as a model by the Allies . His major literary efforts comprised a translation of Golobievski 's Atlas and Epitome of Diseases Caused by Accident ( 1900 ) and a monograph Accident and Injury ; Relation to the Nervous System ( 1906 ) , which was later expanded into Diseases of the Nervous System Resulting from Accident and Injury , a valuable work for the medical world . At the time of his death , Bailey was chairman of the New York State Committee for Mental Defectives .

Petersfield is a market town and civil parish in the East Hampshire district of Hampshire , England . It is north of Portsmouth , via the A3 road . The town has its own railway station on the Portsmouth Direct Line , the mainline rail link connecting Portsmouth and London . Situated on the northern slopes of the South Downs , Petersfield lies wholly within the South Downs National Park . The town is on the crossroads of well - used north – south ( formerly the A3 road which now bypasses the town ) and east – west routes ( today the A272 road ) and it grew as a coach stop on the Portsmouth to London route . Petersfield is twinned with Barentin in France , and Warendorf in Germany .

Pietro Paolo Bonzi ( c. 1576 - 1636 ) , also known as il Gobbo dei Carracci ( hunchback of the Carracci ) or il Gobbo dei Frutti ( of fruits ) , was an Italian painter , best known for his landscapes and still - lifes . A cartoon of the painter shows his highly deformed lordotic posture . He was born in Cortona , was part of the circle of Annibale Carracci and Domenichino , and trained under Giovanni Battista Viola in Rome . In Rome , he worked for Cardinal Pier Paolo Crescenzi . There are only two still - life paintings known with his signature ; he thus was one of the first Italian artists in Rome working in this style . The Giustiniani inventories of 1638 cite paintings by Bonzi , and other still - lifes are documented in the 1670 inventory of Principe Lorenzo Onofrio Colonna 's collection . He also worked in fresco and in 1622 - 23 worked with Pietro da Cortona on the ceiling of a gallery in the Palazzo Mattei di Giove . Other commissions cited by Baglione include his work in the Palazzo Pallavicini - Rospigliosi .

RJ Hadley ( born Rakeim Jerhal Hadley on January 14 , 1969 ) is a Democratic Party activist and current Tax Commissioner of Rockdale County , Georgia . In 2008 he was a delegate to the Democratic National Convention representing Georgia . He has been a member of the Rockdale County Democratic Party since 2006 and was elected to its executive board in 2010 . Hadley is a graduate of Dartmouth College . He has worked in the public sector as juvenile justice social worker for the State of New Jersey . He has also held software technology positions in the United States and abroad with the Federal Aviation Administration , Motorola , and Logica . In 2009 , he was appointed Chief of Staff for Rockdale County . He served as the Chief Operating Officer for Affordable Housing CDC , a non - profit housing and economic development organization , until his election as Tax Commissioner in 2012 . In 2010 , Hadley sought the Democratic Party 's nomination for Senate in Georgia , losing to Labor Commissioner Mike Thurmond . On January 29 , 2011 , he was elected Vice - Chair of County Parties with the Democratic Party of Georgia .

Claude Abadie ( born January 16 , 1920 , Paris ) is a French jazz clarinetist and leader . Abadie was interested in New Orleans jazz and Chicago jazz from an early age , and formed his own ensemble in 1941 to play in a Dixieland - revival style ; Boris Vian played in the group from 1943 . Soon after , Abadie 's ensemble included Claude Luter , Jef Gilson , Raymond Fol , and Hubert Fol . He founded a new ensemble in 1949 , which included Jean - Claude Fohrenbach and Benny Vasseur , but quit music in 1952 , not returning to performance until 1963 . In 1965 , he formed a large ensemble to play contemporary jazz ; among his sidemen were Paul Vernon .

Pressure Chief is the fifth studio album by American band Cake . It was released on October 5 , 2004 , pushed back from its original August release date . It was produced by the band and recorded in a converted house in Sacramento . The lead single , " No Phone " peaked at # 13 on the U.S. Billboard Modern Rock Tracks chart . The second single " Carbon Monoxide " garnered some airplay but failed to crack the Modern Rock Tracks top 40 . The album was the band 's second and last record under Columbia Records . The songs " She 'll Hang the Baskets " and " Tougher Than It Is " were both originally written for Cake 's 1998 record Prolonging the Magic . On its opening week , Pressure Chief sold about 46,000 copies , debuting and peaking at number 17 on the Billboard 200 . However , it fell to # 55 the following week .

Clarence Profit ( June 26 , 1912 – October 22 , 1944 ) was a jazz pianist and composer associated with swing . He came from a musical family and began studying piano at the age of three and he led a ten - piece band in New York City in his teens . A visit to his grandparents in Antigua resulted in his staying in the Caribbean for five years . He also led a group in Bermuda . He returned to the US and led a trio . He co - composed " Lullaby In Rhythm " with Edgar Sampson . He was respected in his era , but after his early death fell into obscurity . He was born , and died , in New York City .

Nimbin is a village in the Northern Rivers area of the Australian state of New South Wales , approximately north of Lismore , northeast of Kyogle , and west of Byron Bay . Nimbin is notable for the prominence of its environmental initiatives such as permaculture , sustainability , and self - sufficiency , as well as the cannabis counterculture . Writer Austin Pick described his initial impressions of the village this way : " It is as if a smoky avenue of Amsterdam has been placed in the middle of the mountains behind frontier - style building facades . ... Nimbin is a strange place indeed . " Nimbin has been described in literature and mainstream media as ' the drug capital of Australia ' , ' a social experiment ' , and ' an escapist sub - culture ' . Nimbin has become an icon in Australian cultural history , with many of the values first introduced there by the counterculture becoming part of modern Australian culture .

Sabir Medgidovich Gusein - Zade (; born 29 July 1950 in Moscow ) is a Russian mathematician and a specialist in singularity theory and its applications . He studied at Moscow State University , where he earned his Ph.D. in 1975 under the joint supervision of Sergei Novikov and Vladimir Arnold . Before entering the university , he had earned a gold medal at the International Mathematical Olympiad . Gusein - Zade co - authored with V. I. Arnold and A. N. Varchenko the textbook Singularities of Differentiable Maps ( published in English by Birkhäuser ) . A professor in both the Moscow State University and the Independent University of Moscow , Gusein - Zade also serves as co - editor - in - chief for the Moscow Mathematical Journal . He shares credit with Norbert A’Campo for results on the singularities of plane curves .

Jens Oliver Lisberg ( 24 December 1896 – 31 August 1920 ) ( Jens Olivur Lisberg in modern Faroese ) is one of the designers of the Merkið , the flag of the Faroe Islands . While a law student in Copenhagen , he devised the flag in 1919 with two other Faroese students , Janus Øssursson from Tórshavn and Paul Dahl from Vágur . Lisberg raised the flag for the first time on Faroese soil on 22 June 1919 on returning to his home town of Fámjin . It would not however receive official status until 25 April 1940 when the British occupation government approved its use as the civil ensign of the islands . Lisberg died of pneumonia on 31 August 1920 . He is buried in Fámjin , where the church now holds the original copy of the Merkið .

" Out of My Head " is a song by American rapper Lupe Fiasco , released as the third single from his third studio album , Lasers . The single features vocals from American R&B ; singer Trey Songz , and features production from record producer Miykal Snoddy , with co - production from fellow producers Jerry Wonda and Arden Altino . The song was released as a digital download on May 22 , 2011 , along with the rest of Lasers . Fiasco performed this single with Trey Songz at the 2011 MTV Movie Awards . Lyrically , the song likens a love interest to that of a catchy song . The song reached number 40 on the Billboard Hot 100 , making it his third top 40 hit in the United States . It was named the 34th best song of 2011 by XXL .

Mary Catherine Crawford ( born 12 April 1947 ) was an Australian politician . Born in Toowoomba , Queensland , she was educated at the University of Queensland before becoming a teacher . In 1987 , she was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Labor member for Forde . On 25 March 1994 she was appointed Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister for Housing and Regional Development , a position she held until the defeat of the Keating Government in the 1996 election , in which Crawford lost her seat . Crawford had previously held her seat with a fairly safe majority of 8.6 percent . However , a redistribution ahead of the election pushed Forde into some rural , conservative - leaning territory in the Scenic Rim . This wiped out Crawford 's majority , reducing it to an extremely marginal 0.1 percent . Believing that this made Forde difficult — if not impossible — to hold , Crawford tried to transfer to the friendlier seat of Rankin , but was rebuffed by the party 's organisational wing . She was defeated by Liberal Kay Elson on a nine - percent swing .

The Assumption of the Virgin , 1475 - 1476 , is a large ( 228.6 x 377.2   cm ) painting in tempera on wood panel by Francesco Botticini . It portrays Mary 's assumption and was commissioned as the altarpiece for a church in Florence and is now in the National Gallery , London . The disciples gather around Mary 's lily - filled tomb with looks of amazement . There are donor portraits of Matteo Palmieri , who commissioned the work , kneeling on the left , and his wife on the right . In Heaven above , surrounded by the nine choirs of angels , Jesus raises his hand in blessing to his kneeling mother . Among the lesser angels around Jesus and Mary are saints . Together with Palmieri 's poem La città di vita , this mixing of saints with angels raised questions about the orthodoxy of the donor Palmieri , and possibly that of the painter Botticini himself .

Sparsh ( Devnagari : स्पर्श , in English : Touch ) is a 1980 Indian Hindi feature film directed by Sai Paranjpye . It stars Naseeruddin Shah and Shabana Azmi playing the characters of a visually impaired principal and a sighted teacher in a school for the blind , where they fall in love though soon their complexes tag along and they struggle to get past them to reconnect with the " touch " of love . The film remains most memorable for the subtle acting of its leads , plus the handling of the issue of relationships with the visually handicapped , revealing the emotional and perception divide between the world , the " blind " and the " sighted " , epitomized by the characters . The film won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Hindi . However , the film 's release was delayed by almost 4 years . The film won numerous awards including National Film Award – Best Actor for Naseeruddin Shah , while Sai Paranjpye got the Best Screenplay . At the Filmfare Awards , it won the top two : that of Best Movie and Filmfare Award – Best Director , plus a Best Dialogue Award for Sai Paranjpye . Further , Shabana Azmi was nominated for Best Actress , which she eventually won for the film Bhavna .

Soccer Kid is a platform video game created by UK - based developer Krisalis and released in 1993 for the Commodore Amiga , 1994 for the Super NES , PC , Amiga CD32 and 3DO Interactive Multiplayer . Its title for the Super NES in the United States is The Adventures of Kid Kleets . It was re - released for the Atari Jaguar in 2000 , the Game Boy Advance on September 30 , 2002 and the PlayStation on December 13 , 2003 . The goal of the game is to guide a little soccer player boy through various levels , using his soccer ball as the main tool . The player character can perform runs , shots , bicycle kicks , headers and other sorts of soccer moves to either advance in the level or eliminate enemies .

Moshe Hirsch ( ) ( born 1923 or 1924—May 2 , 2010 ) was the leader of the anti - Zionist Neturei Karta group in Jerusalem . He advised Yasser Arafat on Jewish affairs and visited him in Ramallah . Following Hirsch 's death , shiva visitors included senior Fatah members , including Adnan al - Husayni ( who brought a personal letter of consolation from Mahmoud Abbas ) , Hatem Abdel Kader and Bilial A - Natsha . Hirsch was the son - in - law of the now deceased Neturei Karta founder Rabbi Aharon Katzenelbogen and his first wife , and was the leader of one of the movement 's factions . He was originally from New York City , and later moved to Jerusalem . Hirsch had one glass eye due to an injury sustained when someone threw acid in his face . According to his cousin , journalist Abraham Rabinovich , the incident had no link with Hirsch 's political activities but was connected to a real estate dispute .

John Small ( August 27 , 1746 – July 18 , 1831 ) was a political figure in Upper Canada . He was born in Cirencester , England in 1746 . In 1792 , he was appointed clerk of the Executive Council of Upper Canada . He was also a justice of the peace and a lieutenant in the militia . He came to Canada with John Graves Simcoe and built one of the first residential homes in York ( now Toronto ) . His son , Charles Small , expanded the home which was later called Berkeley House . It became a prominent Toronto home until it was torn down and turned into a brewery . In January 1800 , he fought a duel with John White , the attorney general for the province . White had insulted Small 's wife 's honour after a quarrel between the two men 's wives . Major John Small shot White in the hip , a wound he died from a few days later . He was charged with and acquitted of murder , even though the presiding judge , Henry Allcock , claimed to be a friend of White . Small 's reputation in the elite society of York was ruined by the affair . As a result of land speculation , he was able to achieve some level of prosperity . He died at Toronto in 1831 . His elder son , James Edward , served in the legislative assemblies of Upper Canada and the Province of Canada . His younger son Charles Coxwell Small , followed in his footsteps , and Chief Clerk . His grandson , also John Small , served in Parliaments of the Province of Canada and the Dominion of Canada .

John Harvey Tolan (; January 15 , 1877 – June 30 , 1947 ) was a U.S. Representative from California . Born in St. Peter , Minnesota , Tolan attended the public schools . He moved to Anaconda , Montana , in 1897 . He was graduated from the law department of the University of Kansas at Lawrence in 1902 . He was admitted to the bar the same year and commenced the practice of law in Anaconda , Montana and served as attorney of Deer Lodge County , Montana from 1904 to 1906 . He moved to Oakland , California , in 1914 and continued the practice of law . Tolan was elected as a Democrat to the Seventy - fourth and to the five succeeding Congresses ( January 3 , 1935 – January 3 , 1947 ) . He was not a candidate for renomination in 1946 to the Eightieth Congress . He died in Westwood , Los Angeles , California , on June 30 , 1947 . He was interred at Holy Sepulchre Cemetery , Hayward , California .

Antonín Puč ( 16 May 1907 in Jinonice – 18 April 1988 in Prague ) was a Czech footballer who played as a forward ; he is the all - time leading scorer for the Czechoslovak national team . Puč 's international career lasted from 1926 to 1939 ; in that time , he played 61 matches for Czechoslovakia , scoring 35 goals . He played for Czechoslovakia in the 1934 FIFA World Cup scoring two goals , including one in the final , a 2 - 1 loss against Italy , and also played in the 1938 edition . Puč spent most of his club career with Slavia Prague . After the split of the country into the Czech Republic and Slovakia and the corresponding national teams , Jan Koller surpassed Puč 's record in 2005 . Puč died in 1988 aged 80 .

The Four - Stage Theory of the Republic of China or the Theory of the Four Stages of the Republic of China is a viewpoint proposed by Chen Shui - bian , the President of the Republic of China ( Taiwan ) from 2000 to 2008 , in 2005 . It is a viewpoint regarding the political status of the Republic of China , whose government retreated to Taiwan after the Chinese Civil War in 1949 . The main idea of the theory is that the time line for the development of the Republic of China can be classified into four stages , which are : The Republic of China on the mainland . ( Chinese : 中華民國在大陸 , Republic of China ( 1912 – 49 ) ) ( 1912 – 1949 ) The Republic of China arrival to Taiwan . ( Chinese : 中華民國來臺灣 ) ( before Lee Teng - hui 's presidency ) ( 1949 – 1988 ) The Republic of China on Taiwan . ( Chinese : 中華民國在臺灣 ) ( during Lee Teng - hui 's presidency ) ( 1988 – 2000 ) The Republic of China is Taiwan . ( Chinese : 中華民國是臺灣 ) ( during Chen Shui - bian 's presidency ) ( 2000 – 2008 )

Cape Campbell , Te Karaka in the Māori language , is in Marlborough , New Zealand , on the northeastern coast of the South Island . It lies at the southern end of Clifford Bay , northeast of Ward , and southeast of Blenheim . Cape Campbell lies close to the salt works at Lake Grassmere . It is the third - easternmost point of the South Island , at a longitude of about 17416.5 ' East . The Cape Campbell Lighthouse has guided ships rounding the cape since 1870 . The third night of the Cape Campbell Track is spent at Cape Campbell , where the lighthouse keepers once stayed . When walking the Cape Campbell Track , a four - day private walking track , walkers retrace part of the original packtrack used by the lighthouse keepers to obtain vital supplies from the Flaxbourne Station Homestead where the first telegraph office stood .

Hemnes is a municipality in Nordland county , Norway . It is part of the Helgeland traditional region . The administrative centre of the municipality is the village of Korgen . Other villages include Bjerka , Bleikvasslia , Hemnesberget , and Sund . The municipality sits south of the Ranfjorden and stretches south and east toward the border with Sweden . The Nordland Line and European route E06 cross Hemnes on their way to the town of Mo i Rana about to the northeast . The E6 highway enters Hemnes from the west through the Korgfjell Tunnel from Vefsn . The municipality is the 43rd largest by area out of the 422 municipalities in Norway . Hemnes is the 219th most populous municipality in Norway with a population of 4,524 . The municipality 's population density is and its population has increased by 0.3 % over the last decade .

Mary Spencer Nay ( 1913 – 1993 ) was an American painter and printmaker . Born in Crestwood , Kentucky , Nay studied at the Art Center Association School in Louisville from 1934 to 1940 . She attended the Cincinnati Art Academy in 1942 , and earned both her bachelor 's and Master of Arts degrees from the University of Louisville , in 1941 and 1960 respectively . She also had lessons at the Art Students League of New York in 1942 , and in Provincetown , Massachusetts under Boris Margo from 1950 to 1951 . She taught at the University of Louisville for twenty years before retiring as the Marcia S. Hite professor of painting in 1979 . Nay exhibited widely in solo and group shows , and was a member of the Provincetown Art Association , among other organizations . Her work is in the collections of the Evansville Museum of Arts and Science and the Speed Art Museum , among others . Nay died of a gastrointestinal illness in Provincetown , and was survived by two daughters . A scholarship in her honor at the University of Louisville was created by the Hite Art Institute in 1993 .

Sebestyanos ( reigned c. 1703 - c. 1718 ) was a ruler of Shewa , an important Amhara noble of Ethiopia . He was one of the sons of Negasi Krestos . Abir states that he ruled for 15 years , although noting that Harris claims he ruled for 25 years , and d'Hericourt 33 . According to Donald Levine , Sebestyanos ' father , Negasi Krestos , proclaimed in his will that his oldest son Akawa would inherit his " throne " . Sebestyanos would receive his spear , silver cutlass , and gilded shield . Land and money would go to his other five sons . However , drought and famine afflicted Shewa : the nobility deposed Akawa in favor of his younger son Daña . Dreading the fighting that he knew would follow , Sebestyanos fled Menz to the safety of Merhabete , where he served the governor . Meanwhile , his relatives grew dissatisfied with his brother Daña , and successfully lured Sebestyanos back to Menz , where his victories over the neighboring Oromo inevitably led him to fight his brother . He defeated Daña and proclaimed himself ruler of Menz . Pankhurst states that during his reign Shewa clearly expanded its boundaries at the expense of their Oromo rivals . As a result , he founded a number of towns , including Doqaqit , ' Ayne , and Eyabar . Although his father Negasi Krestos failed to gain the grant of the title of Meridazmach from Emperor Iyasus I , Sebestyanos assumed the title . He continued the conquests of his father in upper Yifat . According to Levine , Sebestyanos died " by a curious accident " . His son Qedami Qal had been rebuilding some of the churches that had been destroyed by Ahmad Gragn , one of which was in Doqaqit dedicated to St. Michael . Part of the ceremony required the tabot in the church in ' Ayne , where his father was living , and it was secretly removed to Doqaqit . Sebestyanos understood this as an act of rebellion , and set forth to capture and discipline his son ; however , in the ensuing battle one of Qedami Qal 's servants accidentally killed the Meridazmach .

The National Underground Railroad Freedom Center is a museum in downtown Cincinnati , Ohio based on the history of the Underground Railroad . Opened in 2004 , the Center also pays tribute to all efforts to " abolish human enslavement and secure freedom for all people . " It is one of a new group of " museums of conscience " in the United States , along with the Museum of Tolerance , the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum and the National Civil Rights Museum . The Center offers insight into the struggle for freedom in the past , in the present , and for the future , as it attempts to challenge visitors to contemplate the meaning of freedom in their own lives . Its location recognizes the significant role of Cincinnati in the history of the Underground Railroad , as thousands of slaves escaped to freedom by crossing the Ohio River from the southern slave states . Many found refuge in the city , some staying there temporarily before heading north to gain freedom in Canada .

The Governor of Washington is the head of the executive branch of the Government of the State of Washington and commander - in - chief of the state 's military forces . The officeholder has a duty to enforce state laws , the power to either approve or veto bills passed by the Washington Legislature and line - item veto power to cancel specific provisions in spending bills . The Washington Governor may also convene the legislature on " extraordinary occasions " . Washington Territory had 14 territorial governors from its organization in 1853 until the formation of the state of Washington in 1889 . Territorial governors were appointed by the President of the United States . Elisha Peyre Ferry had the longest term of eight years and went on to become the state 's first governor . William H. Wallace was appointed governor but never took office due to being elected as the territory 's congressional delegate . George E. Cole was appointed governor and took office , but his appointment was never ratified by the U.S. Senate and he was replaced as governor after four months . Twenty - one individuals have held the office of Governor of Washington since the state 's admission to the Union , with Arthur B. Langlie serving non - consecutive terms . Langlie and Daniel J. Evans are the state 's only three term governors . Populist Party candidate John Rankin Rogers is the only non - Democratic or Republican nominee to win office . The current governor is Jay Inslee , who took office on January 16 , 2013 and was reelected in 2016 ; his term will expire on January 13 , 2021 . The last Republican to hold the office was John Spellman in 1985 ; Washington has had the longest streak of Democratic governors in the nation .

Shin Mi - sung ( born April 15 , 1978 in Seoul ) is a South Korean curler . Shin competed at the 2014 Winter Olympics for South Korea . She teamed with Kim Ji - sun , Lee Seul - bee , Gim Un - chi and Um Min - ji in the women 's tournament . She began the tournament playing second , but ended up playing only four of the nine games , as the South Korean team went 3 - 6 to finish in a tie for 8th . She curled 73 % , which was 9th out of the 10 seconds . Shin made her World Curling Championships debut in 2002 . As of 2014 , she has represented Korea all five times that they have participated at the Worlds , though she did not play in the 2014 championships . Her best finish was in 2012 , when she finished 4th with skip Kim Ji - sun . As of 2014 , Shin has participated in 10 Pacific - Asia Curling Championships , winning the event on three occasions .

Robert Emmet Hagan ( March 22 , 1921 – January 17 , 1999 ) was an American politician of the Democratic Party . Hagan was an ironworker in Youngstown and served as a county commissioner in Trumbull County , Ohio , before being elected to the Ohio General Assembly in the district of his adopted hometown of Madison , Ohio . During his three terms in the legislature , 1983 – 1989 , he was known as the assembly 's most liberal member . During that period , Hagan 's son , Robert F. Hagan , also held a seat in the Ohio House of Representatives , as he does today . In 1970 , Hagan ran unsuccessfully for the Democratic nomination for Lieutenant Governor of Ohio . In 1972 , Hagan was on the traveling staff of Democratic nominee for Vice President Sargent Shriver as his joke writer . Throughout his career Hagan was known for a forceful speaking style that often included a fair share of humor . After leaving elected office , Hagan began performing stand - up comedy , having fun with politics and the unusually large size of his family ( he and his wife , Ada DiLoreto Hagan , had 14 children ) , among other topics . He continued to perform into his mid 70s . He also wrote a number of op - eds for The Plain Dealer . Hagan 's son Timothy Hagan was a county commissioner in Cuyahoga County , Ohio , for 16 years and was the Democratic nominee for Governor of Ohio in 2002 and was once - again elected Cuyahoga County Commissioner in 2004 . His other son , Robert F. Hagan , is currently serving in the Ohio House of Representatives , having previously served in the Ohio Senate .

Portline Transportes Marítimos Internacionais , SA . , often simply called Portline is a Portuguese shipping company . The company has diverse business activities , including dry bulk , containerised , and break - bulk cargo shipping , shipping agency , forwarding and logistics services , ship management and manning , ship brokerage and chartering , and a container depot service . The company was originally state - owned and was privatized in 1991 . The Portline fleet has a capacity of close to , consisting of bulk carriers and container ships in the capesize , panamax and supramax , and other size classes . The company 's general cargo services operate primarily in Europe , reaching to Cape Verde , The Canary Islands , West Africa , and Brazil . Its bulk cargo service , which includes coal , ore , fertilizer and grain , serves markets in the Atlantic , Pacific and Indian Oceans .

Duluth High School is a public secondary school in Duluth , a suburb of Atlanta , Georgia , United States . It provides education for grades 9 - 12 and is operated by Gwinnett County Public Schools . The school was built in 1958 to serve Duluth , Berkeley Lake , and unincorporated portions of western Gwinnett County . As of 2017 , it had approximately 2,720 students enrolled . DHS holds a Blue Ribbon School award . In its 2012 Georgia rankings , U.S. News & World Report ranked it tenth among all public , charter and magnet schools , fourth among all public schools , and first among all Gwinnett County public schools . Niche ranked Duluth as the most diverse public high school in Georgia and the 25th most diverse public high school in America .

Black Butter Records is a formerly independent record label based in London , England that releases various styles of electronic music . It was founded in 2010 by Olly Wood , Henry Village and Joe Gossa , with an investment of £ 5,000 , and was named after a brand of condiments that had the same name . It was intended initially as an outlet for musicians who were signed to their artist management company , Stackhouse Management , and as a reaction against other labels that were " genre specific " . The label releases mostly singles , and has put out the first releases of artists including Clean Bandit , Rudimental , and Jessie Ware . It was awarded ' Best Small Label ' at the 2012 Association of Independent Music Awards , and has been described as a " hub " of the British electronic music scene .

Perry Watson ( born April 30 , 1950 ) is an American college basketball coach from Detroit , Michigan . He played for Eastern Michigan University , graduating in 1972 . In 1977 , Watson took the head coaching position at Detroit Southwestern High School where he coached , among others , future NBA players Jalen Rose , Voshon Lenard and Howard Eisley . Watson left Southwestern to take a position on Steve Fisher 's staff at the University of Michigan in 1991 , coinciding with the arrival of the Fab Five of which Rose was a member . After two years as an assistant under Fisher , Watson was hired as the head coach at the University of Detroit Mercy , where he spent the next fifteen seasons . Watson took an indefinite medical leave of absence in January 2008 . He resigned on March 5 , 2008 . Perry Watson was an important character witness in the University of Michigan basketball scandal .

Słupsk (; also known by several alternative names ) is a city in the Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , with a population of 98,757 inhabitants . It occupies and , according to the Central Statistical Office , Słupsk is one of the most densely populated cities in the country . Located near the Baltic Sea and on the Słupia River , the city is the administrative seat of Słupsk County and was until 1999 the capital of Słupsk Voivodeship . The neighbouring administrative districts ( gminas ) are Kobylnica and Gmina Słupsk . Słupsk had its origins as a Slavic Pomeranian settlement in the early Middle Ages . In 1265 it was given municipal town rights . By the 14th century , the town had become a centre of local administration and trade and a Hanseatic League associate . Between 1368 and 1478 , it was the residence of the Dukes of Pomerania . In 1648 , according to the peace treaty of Osnabrück , Stolp became part of Brandenburg - Prussia . In 1815 it was incorporated into the newly formed Prussian Province of Pomerania . After World War II the city was assigned to Poland as part of the recovered territories .

The IUPUI Jaguars men 's basketball team is the men 's basketball team that represents Indiana University – Purdue University Indianapolis in Indianapolis , Indiana , United States . The school 's team currently competes in the Horizon League . The first year of IUPUI basketball was 1971 – 72 and the school competed as a NCAA Division III Independent . From 1982 to 2014 , the Jaguars played on campus at The Jungle , which seated 1,215 . Beginning with the 2014–15 season , the Jaguars play their home games at the Indiana Farmers Coliseum on the State Fairgrounds . Prior to the Jaguars move , the arena underwent a $ 63 million renovation to modernize it for the fair and for basketball . The renovated arena has capacity for 6,800 . The Jaguars are currently led by head coach Jason Gardner . The Jaguars joined the Horizon League on July 1 , 2017 , replacing Valparaiso who left the conference on the same day .

David Joseph Marks ( 15 December 1952 - 6 October 2017 ) , was a British architect , and the designer of the London Eye , the British Airways i360 observation tower in Brighton , and the Treetop Walkway at Kew Gardens , London . David Marks was born on 15 December 1952 in Stockholm , Sweden , the son of Gunilla ( née Lovén ) and Melville Marks , a journalist and film producer . Marks , a Jew , grew up in Geneva , where he attended the International School of Geneva . He moved to London in 1972 , at first to study at the Kingston Polytechnic before moving to Architectural Association School of Architecture . Marks was married to fellow architect Julia Barfield and they formed the architecture firm Marks Barfield . He was appointed MBE in the 2000 New Year Honours .

The Iberian worm lizard or European worm lizard ( Blanus cinereus ) is a species of reptile in the family Blanidae ( worm lizards ) of the clade Amphisbaenia . There are 130 species of amphisbaenians , most found in Spain , Africa , South Africa , and the Caribbean islands . The Iberian worm lizard is locally known as cobra - cega ( Portuguese ) , culebrilla ciega ( Spanish ) , and colobreta cega ( Catalan ) , all meaning " blind snake " . Recent studies into the mitochondrial and nuclear genomic data of 47 isolated B. cinereus populations show rather large sequence divergence between two apparent clades , leading some researchers to call for a division of the Iberian worm lizard into two species . While little is known of B. cinereus in comparison with some other reptile species , new insight is growing about this primitive , ancestral reptile .

" I 'm Real " is the name of two songs recorded by American singer Jennifer Lopez , both primarily for her second studio album J.Lo ( 2001 ) . The original version was released as the album 's fourth single ; Ja Rule of Murder Inc Records wrote and was featured on a new version of the song entitled " I 'm Real ( Murder Remix ) " , which was featured on a re - issue of J.Lo in July 2001 , on Lopez 's remix album J to tha L – O ! The Remixes ( 2002 ) , and Ja Rule 's third studio album Pain Is Love ( 2001 ) . The original album version was well received by music critics , who complimented the 1980s - esque style and composition , while the remix received mixed reviews for its lyrics . However , both songs have been appreciated for the use of the samples . The " Murder Remix " topped the Billboard Hot 100 for five non - consecutive weeks , beginning September 8 , 2001 , and also topped the Hot 100 Airplay chart . The two songs are essentially different songs with the same title . Much controversy followed the song after its release . Two music videos were made for the track , with the first depicting Lopez driving a motorcycle throughout the highway and featuring a dance - break , while the second video features Ja Rule and Irv Gotti .

The Serbian Second Army ( ) was a Serbian field army that fought during the Balkan Wars and World War I. During the First Balkan War , the Second Army participated in the Battle of Kumanovo ( 23 - October 24 , 1912 ) along with the Serbian First Army and the Serbian Third Army and was deployed in the area around Kyustendil . It was assigned to the easternmost attack , with the objective of attacking the right flank of the Ottoman Army . The Second Army was led by Stepa Stepanović made up of one Serbian and one Bulgarian divisions . In World War I , the second Army fought in the successful Battles of Cer , Drina and Kolubra in 1914 . But in Autumn 1915 they were defeated by the Bulgarians and Germans during the Morava and Kosovo Offensives . The second Army was reestablished at the Macedonian Front in 1916 and , after almost 3 years of fighting , was able to take part in the liberation of Serbia in October 1918 . Stepa Stepanović remained commander of the Second Army until 1919 .

Bergen Airport , Sandviken ( ) is a water airport and heliport situated in the Sandviken neighborhood of Bergen , Norway . The aerodrome is located on the artificial peninsula of Kristiansholm . It is currently serving seaplane and helicopters operated by Fonnafly aimed at air taxi services at cruise ship tourists . The airport is owned by Bergen Municipality through Bergen Port Authority and is part of the Bergen Port . Operations are carried out by Fonnafly . The airport opened in 1935 , although it was not connected to land until 1938 . Services were first carried out by Norwegian Air Lines on a coastal route to Oslo . From 1936 also a north - bound service was introduced . Sandviken was taken over by Luftwaffe during the World War II , but little used . Norwegian Air Lines resumed services in 1946 and the following year West Norway Airlines was established with their base at Sandviken . The airlines moved their scheduled flights to Bergen Airport , Hjellestad from 1948 to 1951 . West Norway Airlines resumed scheduled flights from Sandviken in 1952 , until they ceased operations in 1957 . Bergen Airport , Flesland opened in 1955 , thus removing most of the traffic from Sandviken .

Wuxi Big Bridge Experimental High School ( Wuxi Big Bridge Academy ) ( Chinese:无锡市大桥实验中学 pinyin：wú xī dà qiáo shí yàn zhōng xué ) , founded in 1993 , is a private high school located in the downtown historical Xueqianjie neighborhood of Wuxi , Jiangsu Province , China . The school served as an independent magnet school for selected students from the Wuxi region . The academic goal of the school is to provide selected students with a specialized education that emphasizes on the acquisition of knowledge and talent development . With the teachers’ efforts , graduates went off to top universities in the nation and around the world , which include , among many others , Qinghua , Peking , Fudan , and Nanjing in China , and Harvard , MIT , Cambridge , Oxford , and Amsterdam University College overseas . Wuxi Big Bridge Experimental High School distinguishes itself as a preeminent education institution that instills its students with a lifetime commitment to learning , extraordinary character , and the confidence to excel in both global and local communities . Wuxi Big Bridge Experimental High School also offers students opportunities to study in Hwa Chong Institution , Singapore after they finish 3 years of study .

Speech is the fourth ( and final ) album of the British blues - rock band Steamhammer . In 1971 , bassist Steve Davy left the band , and Louis Cennamo was recruited as his replacement - then , vocalist / guitarist Kieran White also left the band after a summer tour . Guitarist Martin Pugh , drummer Mick Bradley and Cennamo ( with guest vocalist Garth Watt - Roy , of Fuzzy Duck ) then went in the studio to record Speech , which was released in 1972 . It consisted of three lengthy ( and mostly instrumental ) songs in a heavier progressive - rock vein , that was somewhat different from their initial blues and folk / jazz - influenced albums . Bradley died from leukemia shortly before the album 's mixing was completed ( the album is dedicated to him on the inside album cover ) . The band continued with American singer / guitarist Bruce Payne and drummer John Lingwood , touring in Germany in support of the album , where they were more popular than back home in England . After Steamhammer wound down , Pugh and Cennamo joined up with former Yardbirds vocalist Keith Relf ( who had provided production assistance on Speech , as well as contributing background vocals ) and drummer Bobby Caldwell , formerly of Johnny Winter 's band and Captain Beyond , to form Armageddon .

The Maximato was a period in the historical and political development of Mexico from 1928 to 1934 . Named after former president Plutarco Elías Calles 's sobriquet el Jefe Máximo ( the maximum leader ) , the Maximato was the period when Calles continued to exercise power , but did not hold the presidential office . The six - year period was the term that president - elect Alvaro Obregón would have served had he not been assassinated directly after the July 1928 elections . There needed to be some kind of political solution to the presidential succession crisis . Calles could not hold the presidency again , due to restrictions on re - election without an interval out of power , but he remained the dominant figure in Mexico . There were two solutions to the crisis . Firstly , an interim president was to be appointed followed by new elections . Secondly , Calles created an enduring political institution , the Partido Nacional Revolucionario ( PNR ) , that held presidential power from 1929 until 2000 . The interim presidency of Emilio Portes Gil lasted from 1 December 1928 to 4 February 1930 . He was passed over as candidate for the newly formed PNR in favor of a political unknown , Pascual Ortiz Rubio . Ortiz Rubio resigned in September 1932 , in protest at Calles 's continued wielding of power . He was succeeded by Abelardo L. Rodríguez , who served out the rest of the term that ended in 1934 . The election of that year was won by former revolutionary general Lázaro Cárdenas , Calles 's chosen candidate for the PNR . Following the election , Calles attempted to control Cárdenas in the same way he had the three " puppet presidents " , but Cárdenas outmaneuvered him politically , and expelled him from the country in 1936 . The Maximato was a transitional period of personal power for Calles , but the institutionalization of political power in the party structure was a major achievement in Mexican history .

Kualanamu International Airport Station is a train station located in Kualanamu International Airport , North Sumatra , Indonesia . The station is only about 50 meters from the Kualanamu airport building . The station is currently served by a train service from the Kualanamu ARS ( Airport Railink Service ) Medan Station towards this station . This station has only two tracks . However , the station is classified as large class station , with the leadership of Kepala Stasiun Besar ( KSB ) ( ) , Vice - KSB and aided dispatcher ( Regulatory Train Journey ) . This station has three platforms . Platforms 1 and 3 are used for passengers arriving from Medan , while the second platform is used for passengers leaving for Medan Station . This station is operated by Railink , and is the first airport train station in Indonesia .

Jeffrey Lane Hephner ( born June 22 , 1975 ) is an American actor , known for his recurring role as Matt Ramsey in the third season of the Fox drama The O.C. ( 2005 – 2006 ) and starring as Morgan Stanley Buffkin in the short - lived CW comedy - drama Easy Money ( 2008 – 2009 ) . He had a recurring role as football coach Red Raymond in the short - lived CW drama Hellcats and co - starred as Ben Zajac in the Starz political drama Boss ( 2011 – 2012 ) with Kelsey Grammer . In 2015 , he starred as John Case in the short - lived TNT action drama Agent X. Hephner had a recurring role as firefighter - turned - medical student Jeff Clarke in NBC 's Chicago franchise in the original drama Chicago Fire from 2013 to 2014 and reprised his role in the show 's medical drama spin - off Chicago Med from 2016 to 2017 .

The Democratic Modernist Pole ( ) ( ) ( PDM ) was a Tunisian political coalition created for the Tunisian Constituent Assembly election of 23 October 2011 . The " Pole " consisted of four parties and five citizen initiatives , the largest of which is the Ettajdid Movement . However , an 18 October report by Bloomberg.com states that " attempts by   ... the Modernist Democratic Pole , to create a pre - election multiparty coalition failed . " The bloc was founded in May 2011 . On 7 September it announced candidate lists for the Constituent Assembly election in all the 33 constituencies at home and abroad . Sixteen women and 17 men will be chief candidates . Riadh Ben Fadl and Mustapha Ben Ahmed , are the founders of the group . Ahmed Ibrahim is a leader in the bloc . The bloc won 5 of the 217 seats and 4.91 % of the vote in the 2011 Tunisian Constituent Assembly election . Three of the parties in the coalition : the Republican Party , the Socialist Left Party and the Social Democratic Path ) became part of another coalition called the Union for Tunisia in 2013 .

Louis Lentin ( 11 December 1933 – 22 July 2014 ) was a theatre , film and television director . He was born in Limerick , Ireland , in 1933 and worked for over forty years in the arts in Ireland . He graduated from Trinity College , Dublin , in 1956 with a Bachelor of Arts . He founded Art Theatre Productions in 1959 and was responsible for the first Irish productions of Krapp 's Last Tape and Endgame . RTÉ head of drama Hilton Edwards asked him to work in RTÉ . In 1975 , he received a Jacob 's Award for his direction of three television plays broadcast on RTÉ in the previous year : Aleksei Arbuzov 's The Promise , Bertolt Brecht 's Mother Courage , and Jean Anouilh 's The Rehearsal ( " La Répétition ou l'Amour puni " ) . Lentin was a member of Aosdána . Louis Lentin was also involved in founding Israeli television . He died , aged 80 , on 22 July 2014 .

Historically , Zenkō - ji is perhaps most famous for its involvement in the battles between Uesugi Kenshin and Takeda Shingen in the 16th century , when it served as one of Kenshin 's bases of operations . Currently , Zenkō - ji is one of the few remaining pilgrimage sites in Japan . Zenkō - ji was founded before Buddhism in Japan split into several different sects . It currently belongs to both the Tendai and Jōdoshū schools of Buddhism , and is co - managed by twenty - five priests from the former school , and fourteen from the latter . The temple enshrines images of the Amida Buddha . According to legend , the image , having caused dispute between two clans , was dumped into a canal . It was later rescued by Honda Yoshimitsu . The temple was thus named " Zenkō , " according to the Chinese transliteration of Yoshimitsu 's name . The main Buddhist image is a hibutsu ( secret Buddha ) , a hidden Buddha statue , not shown to the public . This hibutsu is rumored to be the first Buddha statue to ever be brought to Japan . The commandments of the temple require the absolute secrecy of the statue , prohibiting it to be shown to anyone , including the chief priest of the temple . However , a replica of the statue ( Maedachi Honzon ) has been created which can be shown publicly once every six years in spring , in a ceremony called Gokaichō . This event attracts many worshipers and visitors . When the statue was on display in 2003 , Zenkō - ji cooperated with Motozenkō - ji and Zenkō - ji of Kofu , Yamanashi Prefecture . The most recent display of " Maedachi Honzon " took place in April and May , 2015 . The temple contains a statue of Binzuru , a physician who was said to be Buddha 's follower . Visitors to the temple touch the statue in order to cure their ailments . The temple also contains an inner prayer chamber , accessible to visitors . Currently , a daily morning ritual is held there by the high priest or priestess . From the inner chamber , a narrow staircase leads down to a completely dark corridor . In this corridor worshippers try to touch a metal key hanging on the wall , in order to gain enlightenment . The key represents the Key to the Western Paradise of the Amida Buddha .

Behzad Mirkhani ( May 13 , 1969 , Tehran ) is a Persian guitarist and composer , best known for his works based on folk music idioms . He is a member of Iran House of Music , Irish Music Rights Organisation ( IMRO ) , and the Registry of Guitar Tutors ( RGT ) . Since 1990 , he began to compose a series of works including guitar concertos , string quartets , orchestral music and pieces for solo guitar and guitar with mixed ensemble which have received numerous performances . In the music center of Iran ministry of culture , Behzad Mirkhani 's debut album , The Last Leaf , has been established as the first Iranian composition for the classical guitar 1990 . His other albums have been released since then through Iranian record labels , and internationally through CD Baby , USA .

The Aronson Prize ( ) is a prize awarded for achievements in microbiology and immunology . It was established by the will of the pediatrician and bacteriologist Hans Aronson and has been awarded since 1921 . Aronson bequeathed a large part of his estate to the establishment of the prize . The prize is awarded biannually on 8 March , the date of Aronson 's death . In 1969 , the foundation that awarded the prize was dissolved on the initiative of its last chairman Georg Henneberg , and the responsibility for the prize and the remaining capital was transferred to the ( West ) Berlin government , in order to safeguard the existence of the prize . Since 1970 , the prize has been awarded by the Senate of Berlin . The first laureate was August von Wassermann . Among the Aronson laureates are several scientists who later were awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine , such as Karl Landsteiner and Gerhard Domagk .

Android   4.0–4.0.4 " Ice Cream Sandwich " is the ninth version of the Android mobile operating system developed by Google . Unveiled on October 19 , 2011 , Android   4.0 builds upon the significant changes made by the tablet - only release Android Honeycomb , in an effort to create a unified platform for both smartphones and tablets . Android   4.0 was focused on simplifying and modernizing the overall Android experience around a new set of human interface guidelines . As part of these efforts , it introduced a new visual appearance codenamed " Holo " , which is built around a cleaner , minimalist design , and a new default typeface named Roboto . It also introduced a number of other new features , including a refreshed home screen , near - field communication ( NFC ) support and the ability to " beam " content to another user using the technology , an updated web browser , a new contacts manager with social network integration , the ability to access the camera and control music playback from the lock screen , visual voicemail support , face recognition for device unlocking ( " Face Unlock " ) , the ability to monitor and limit mobile data usage , and other internal improvements . Android   4.0 received positive reviews by critics , who praised the cleaner , revamped appearance of the operating system in comparison to previous versions , along with its improved performance and functionality . However , critics still felt that some of Android   4.0 's stock apps were still lacking in quality and functionality in comparison to third - party equivalents , and regarded some of the operating system 's new features , particularly the " face unlock " feature , as being gimmicks . , statistics issued by Google indicate that 0.3 % of all Android devices accessing Google Play run Ice Cream Sandwich .

Groat Road is an arterial road in Edmonton , Alberta , Canada . It is named after Maclom Groat , a former Hudson ’s Bay Company employee who settled in the present - day Groat Estates area in the 1880s . Groat Road is part of a continuous roadway that runs through Sherwood Park , Edmonton , and St.   Albert that includes Wye Road , Sherwood Park Freeway , Whyte Avenue , portions of University Avenue and Saskatchewan Drive , and St.   Albert Trail . Groat Road functions as a grade - separated parkway between 87   Avenue and 111   Avenue . Groat Road begins at the roundabout west of the University of Alberta at 87   Avenue , where it continues south as Saskatchewan Drive . It continues north with a speed limit and descends into the North Saskatchewan River valley , crossing the North Saskatchewan River along the Groat Bridge . It winds through the Groat Ravine with a speed limit , becoming north of 107   Avenue where it leaves the river valley . The Groat Road designation ends at signalised traffic circle at 118   Avenue , continuing north as St. Albert Trail . Heavy trucks are prohibited on Groat Road south of 107   Avenue . Because of their short lengths , Wayne Gretzky Drive and Groat Road are the only freeways in Edmonton not to have a highway designation , until the completion of Terwillegar Drive .

The Constitution of the Philippines ( Filipino : Saligang Batas ng Pilipinas or Konstitusyon ng Pilipinas ) is the constitution or supreme law of the Republic of the Philippines . Its final draft was completed by the Constitutional Commission on October 12 , 1986 and was ratified by a nationwide plebiscite on February 2 , 1987 . Three other constitutions have effectively governed the country in its history : the 1935 Commonwealth Constitution , the 1973 Constitution , and the 1986 Freedom Constitution . The earliest constitution establishing a " Philippine Republic , " the 1899 Malolos Constitution , was never fully implemented throughout the Philippines and did not establish a state that was internationally recognized , due in great part to the ongoing American invasion during the time of its adoption .

Taraklı is a historic district in northwestern Turkey . It is surrounded by forest and located approximately midway between Istanbul and Ankara in the Sakarya Province of the Marmara region . The district governor is Ömer Yılmaz , and the mayor is Tacettin Özkaraman ( AKP ) . A member of the Cittaslow movement , Tarakli features cobblestone streets and architecture dating back to the Ottoman Empire . The town has undergone extensive renovations and has gained attention as a tourist destination . A local bazaar offers handmade crafts like wooden combs and spoons . Nearby attractions include thermal springs , the Karagöl Plateau , and Hark Canyon and Cave . The Yunus Pasha Mosque , built in 1517 by Ottoman architect Mimar Sinan , lies at the center of Tarakli . It was built with molten lead and heated from below with steam from an adjacent public bath .

" Fall Back Down " is a song by the American punk rock band Rancid . It was released as the first single from their sixth album , Indestructible . " Fall Back Down " was released to radio on July 22 , 2003 . It peaked at number 13 on the US Modern Rock Tracks . " Fall Back Down " was written by Tim Armstrong and Lars Frederiksen after Armstrong 's divorce from Distillers vocalist Brody Dalle , and is about friendship . The video featured guest appearances from Benji Madden of Good Charlotte and Kelly Osbourne , a move which was criticized by some Rancid fans as a sign that they had sold out . The song features three guitar solos , two by Tim Armstrong and one by Lars Frederiksen . This track was featured in video games and films including Tony Hawk 's Underground 2 , NASCAR Thunder 2004 , Punk 's Dead : SLC Punk 2 , , The Wedding Ringer , and Forza Horizon 3 in addition to the opening of Brody Jenner 's reality TV show Bromance . Canadian musician Lights recorded a cover for her EP titled " Acoustic " in 2010 .

" The People " is a song by American rapper Common , released as the second single of his seventh studio album Finding Forever . It made its first appearance on Kanye West 's Ca n't Tell Me Nothing mixtape . The song features production by West and contains background vocals provided by soul singer Dwele . The original version of the song had Common singing the hook by himself , but this was later replaced with Dwele singing the hook . It contains samples of " We Almost Lost Detroit " by Gil Scott - Heron as well as vocal samples of " Long Red " by Mountain ( the latter of which was sampled on Would n't Get Far featuring West ) . This action was part of West 's intention to pay tribute to J Dilla through the production style expressed within the album . Though it performed moderately on the charts , " The People " became one of the most critically acclaimed songs of the year . The song was listed at number twenty - nine on Rolling Stone 's the 100 Best Songs of 2007 . It also received a nomination for Best Rap Solo Performance at the 50th Grammy Awards .

Beijing Institute of Fashion Technology ( ) is a university in Beijing , China . It was founded in 1959 as the Beijing Institute of Textile Technology and was later renamed as the Beijing Institute of Chemical Fiber Technology in 1961 . In 1971,it was combined together with Beijing University of Chemical Technology and then in 1978 was separated from it , returning to the name of " Beijing Institute of Chemical Fiber Technology " . In the year 1987,it was renamed again as the Beijing Institute of Clothing Technology . In 2008 , its official name of English version was changed to " Beijing Institute of Fashion Technology " , together with the address of its official website . The data from a statistic in 2008 says that there are 7150 students including 6017 undergraduate students , 481 postgraduate students and 59 foreign students , some of whom have traveled from Macau , Hong Kong , Taiwan , Japan . There are also students of other nationalities . This institute is composed of 5 schools(clothing design and engineering school , polymer materials and engineering school , art design school , business school , industry design and information technology school ) and 2 departments(foreign language and painting ) . In the past , Beijing Institute of Clothing Technology named depended on clothing , but in 2007 , the BIFT transformed the name to Beijing Institute of Fashion Technology . This college is the only one school that education based on the fashion and clothing design .

Erich Klossowski or Kłossowski ( 19 December 1875   – 23 January 1949 ) was a German and Polish - French art historian and a painter , now primarily known as the father of the writer - philosopher- painter and actor Pierre Klossowski and the artist Balthus . He was born in Ragnit , Germany . He came from a family which belonged to Polish nobility ( drobna szlachta ) , bearing the Rola coat - of - arms and living in the Prussian part of today 's Poland . His son Balthus added " de Rola " to his family name . Erich Klossowski wrote ( in German ) one of the early monographs on Honoré Daumier , first published in Munich in 1908 and again in 1914 . He married the artist Baladine Klossowska , whom Rainer Maria Rilke called " Merline . " Later , the couple moved to Paris . He died in Sanary - sur - Mer on 23 January 1949 .

High Park was a provincial electoral district in the west - end of the old City of Toronto , Ontario , Canada . It was represented in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1926 to 1975 . It was mostly redistributed into the High Park — Swansea electoral district for the 1975 Ontario general election . The High Park provincial electoral district was notable for its electors defeating the incumbent Premier , and their Member of Provincial Parliament , George Drew , in the 1948 provincial election . He lost his seat over the issue of temperance ; even though his Conservatives were returned with a majority government . The old City of West Toronto Junction had been an alcohol - free area since even before it was annexed by Toronto back in 1909 , and those " dry - laws " were still current at the time of the 1948 election . So when Drew 's government passed a new law that allowed " cocktail bars " to open in the province , his local constituents were not pleased , allowing the aptly named temperance candidate , " Temperance Bill " Temple of the Ontario Co - operative Commonwealth Federation to win . The provincial riding had a number of colourful Members of Provincial Parliament ( MPPs ) including Drew , and his successor William Horace Temple as well as the district 's final representative , Doctor Morton Shulman . The district was abolished during the 1975 redistribution , placing most of it in the new High Park — Swansea district . As of 2013 , the territory it represented belongs in the current Parkdale — High Park , York South — Weston and Davenport districts .

The Luxembourg Palace ( , ) is located at 15 rue de Vaugirard in the 6th arrondissement of Paris . It was originally built ( 1615 – 1645 ) to the designs of the French architect Salomon de Brosse to be the royal residence of the regent Marie de ' Medici , mother of Louis XIII of France . After the Revolution it was refashioned ( 1799 – 1805 ) by Jean Chalgrin into a legislative building and subsequently greatly enlarged and remodeled ( 1835 – 1856 ) by Alphonse de Gisors . Since 1958 it has been the seat of the French Senate of the Fifth Republic . Immediately west of the palace on the rue de Vaugirard is the Petit Luxembourg , now the residence of the Senate President ; and slightly further west , the Musée du Luxembourg , in the former orangery . On the south side of the palace , the formal Luxembourg Garden presents a 25-hectare green parterre of gravel and lawn populated with statues and large basins of water where children sail model boats .

Franz Josef Niedenzu ( 29 November 1857 – 30 September 1937 ) was a German botanist born in Köppernig . He is remembered for his work with the botanical family Malpighiaceae . For most of his career he was a professor and subsequently rector at the Lyceum Hosianum in Braunsberg , East Prussia ( presently Braniewo , Poland ) . At Braunsberg , he established a botanical garden . He was author of the chapter on Malpighiaceae in Adolf Engler 's " Das Pflanzenreich " , and contributed descriptions of nine plant families in Engler and Prantl 's " Die Natürlichen Pflanzenfamilien " . He identified numerous new species , as well as six genera ; Alcoceratothrix ( Byrsonima ) , Callyntranthele ( Blepharandra ) , Cordobia , Diaspis ( Caucanthus ) , Malpighiodes , and Sprucina ( Jubelina ) .

" Ask " is a song recorded by the English rock band the Smiths . It was released as a single on 20 October 1986 through Rough Trade Records . Credited to vocalist Morrissey and guitarist Johnny Marr , " Ask " is an upbeat , positive pop song built around major chords . Its lyrics touch on shyness and encourage the listener to release their inhibitions . Its multiple guitar parts and complex production led to disagreements regarding its final mix . In addition , Craig Gannon , one - time rhythm guitarist for the group , has claimed he wrote and was denied credit for the song 's chord structure . " Ask " continued the Smiths ' top 20 streak in their native country , peaking at number 14 on the UK Singles Chart . In addition , it reached number nine on the Irish Singles Chart . Filmmaker Derek Jarman directed the song 's music video . As with most of the Smiths ' singles , it was not included on an original album . It can be found on the compilations The World Wo n't Listen and Louder Than Bombs ( both 1987 ) as well as the live album Rank ( 1988 ) .

Linda Jean Burney ( born 25 April 1957 ) is an Australian politician , who was a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly representing Canterbury for the Australian Labor Party from 2003 to 2016 , when she resigned to contest the federal seat of Barton . Upon her election , she became the first Aboriginal person to serve in the New South Wales Parliament . Linda Burney is also the first Aboriginal woman to be elected to the Australian House of Representatives , winning the federal seat of Barton in the 2016 federal election . Burney was the New South Wales Deputy Leader of the Opposition and interim leader of the Opposition and was also Shadow Minister for Education and Shadow Minister for Aboriginal Affairs . In the Keneally ministry , she was the Minister for the State Plan and Minister for Community Services . During 2008 and 2009 , Burney was National President of the Australian Labor Party .

The Stajićevo camp ( Logor Stajićevo ) was an agricultural farm in Stajićevo near Zrenjanin , Serbia ( then part of SFR Yugoslavia , then FRY ) where Croatian prisoners of war and civilians were kept by Serbian authorities . The camp also acted as a transit facility where prisoners were taken before being moved to the Sremska Mitrovica camp . Individual reports have said that 1500 people were held there . The ICTY 's figure for the camp was 1700 detainees . The camp was cited in the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia 's case against then Serbian president Slobodan Milošević . Goran Hadžić is also indicted on charges by the ICTY related to the camp . Prisoners at the camp included future Croatian parliamentarian Ivica Pančić 's father and brother .

The Le Blon was a French automobile manufactured in Paris by Le Blon Frères in 1898 or from 1898 - 1900 . It was a voiturette similar to the Benz , with a 4   hp ' V ' twin - cylinder engine and belt drive to the rear axle . Some cars were sold in England under the name " Lynx " . Le Blon Frères was based at ( Maus , de la Forêt ) , 56 , rue du Vieux Pont de Sèvres , Boulogne - Billancourt . It is possible that 23-year - old pioneer motorist Hubert Le Blon was one of the brothers . After the Le Blon Frères business closed ( 1899 - 1900 ) he started to work with Léon Serpollet whose factory in the 18th arrondissement was about 10   km away . Le Blon competed in the Gardner - Serpollet steam car from 1901 onwards .

Gustavo Bolívar Moreno is a Colombian author , screenwriter , journalist , and elected senator for the period 2018 - 2022 . He published several books before the best - seller Sin Tetas No Hay Paraíso ( Spanish for Without Tits There Is No Paradise ) brought him international fame . There are three adaptations for television : a series produced by the Colombian company Caracol ( 2006 ) , a version by RTI Colombia – Telemundo and a version by Spain 's Telecinco . The novel also was adapted to a film directed by Bolívar himself . He is also known for writing the novel El capo and later adapting it to a telenovela . He also was the creator of the telenovelas Victorinos , Ojo por ojo and Tres Caínes .

The Hudson Bay expedition of Jean - François de Galaup , comte de La Pérouse was a series of military raids on the lucrative fur trading posts and fortifications of the Hudson 's Bay Company on the shores of Hudson Bay by a squadron of the French Royal Navy . Setting sail from Cap - Français in 1782 , the expedition was part of a global naval war between France and Great Britain during the American Revolutionary War . Operating under secret orders from the Marquis de Castries , France 's marine minister , La Pérouse sailed from Cap - Français in May 1782 , and arrived at the Prince of Wales Fort in early August . That fort and York Factory trading post both surrendered without a fight , although some of the furs stored at York were spirited away by a company ship that evaded the French fleet . Many of the British prisoners were put on a sloop and allowed to sail back to England . Men on La Pérouse 's fleet , which had sailed with minimal winter provisioning to maintain secrecy , suffered hardships including scurvy and other diseases . Hudson 's Bay Company finances suffered because of the raid , which also contributed to reductions in the native population that did business with the company .

" Not in Love at All " is a song recorded by Barry Gibb that was included on his third solo album Moonlight Madness but was unreleased and included again on the soundtrack Hawks which was released in 1988 and later . The song was released as a promo in Brazil by Mercury Records also that year . It was backed by Glenn Medeiros ' " Long And Lasting Love " . It was written by Barry Gibb , Maurice Gibb and George Bitzer . Along with " My Eternal Love , this song was sung in falsetto . On his album Now Voyager ( 1984 ) , Gibb had kept away from falsetto as if to declare his independence from the Bee Gees sound , but now he was willing to use it as one of his expressive voices . The flipside , " Long and Lasting Love " by Medeiros , reached # 68 in US , # 42 in UK and # 14 in Netherlands .

Seven Lakes High School ( SLHS ) is a public senior high school located in Fort Bend County , Texas , United States , inside the Cinco Ranch area south of the city of Katy . Many communities such as Seven Meadows , Grand Lakes , and Cinco Ranch are zoned to the school . While the school has a Katy address , it is within the extraterritorial jurisdiction of Houston , and is a high school of the Katy Independent School District ( KISD ) . The school was rated " Exemplary " by the Texas Education Agency for the 2008 - 2009 school year ( the highest rating any public high school in Texas can attain ) . In 2016 , the school was ranked 703rd in the nation out of 27,000 public high schools in the US by US News ; The school was one of three winners of The Houston Chronicle 's Chronicle Cup in 2008 for overall athletic performance .

Anna Jordan Huff ( Mercovich ) is an American multi - media artist , composer , producer and actress best known by her stage name Anna Oxygen . After starting her music career as a member of the Space Ballerinas , a synthpop group then based in Olympia , she recorded her debut solo album All Your Faded Things ( 2003 ) with producer Justin Trosper , before releasing her second album This Is an Exercise ( 2006 ) on the Kill Rock Stars label . Her albums have featured guest vocalists such as Beth Ditto and Mirah . Currently based in Ithaca , New York , Huff has appeared as a guest artist on recordings by groups such as The Microphones . Huff is also a member of Cloud Eye Control , a performance art group , and is a member of the psychedelic folk group Day / Moon . Her feature film debut as an actress was the 2005 film Police Beat , and she has written for a number of film soundtracks , including the three films This World Made Itself , Myth and Infrastructure , and Dreaming of Lucid Living , animated by Miwa Matreyek , and numerous short films by animator Maureen Selwood .

Ward first encountered the wordless novel with Frans Masereel 's The Sun ( 1919 ) while studying art in Germany in 1926 . He returned to the United States in 1927 and established a career for himself as an illustrator . He found Otto Nückel 's wordless novel Destiny ( 1926 ) in New York City in 1929 , and it inspired him to create such a work of his own . appeared a week before the Wall Street Crash of 1929 ; it nevertheless enjoyed strong sales and remains the best - selling American wordless novel . Its success inspired other Americans to experiment with the medium , including cartoonist Milt Gross , who parodied in He Done Her Wrong ( 1930 ) . In the 1970s Ward 's example inspired cartoonists Art Spiegelman and Will Eisner to create their first graphic novels .

Brian Charles Raabe ( born November 5 , 1967 ) in New Ulm , Minnesota , is a retired Major League Baseball infielder . Raabe played for three different major league ballclubs during his career : the Minnesota Twins ( – ) , Seattle Mariners ( ) , and Colorado Rockies ( 1997 ) , playing third base and second base . On November 20 , 1997 , Raabe was purchased from the Colorado Rockies by the Seibu Lions of the Japan Pacific League . He played 37 games for them in 1998 , mostly at second base . Raabe was head baseball coach at Forest Lake Area High School 2001 - 2011 . Raabe is now the head baseball coach at Bethel University in St. Paul , Minnesota .

Ellen ten Damme ( born October 7 , 1967 ) is a Dutch actress , performer , singer - songwriter and multi - instrumentalist . Ten Damme both sings and acts in four languages ( Dutch , English , French and German ) , and plays piano and keyboards , guitar and violin . During her school years Ellen was an enthusiastic gymnast , and incorporating some gymnastic tricks or even circus acts into her shows has become a trademark . Ten Damme grew up in the rural village of Roden , close to the university town Groningen , where she studied Dutch for a while . However she switched to the Amsterdam Theatre school for stage , film , cabaret and musical actors . After spending a great deal of time in Germany , Ten Damme returned to Amsterdam , where she lives in a houseboat .

City of Indianapolis v. Edmond , 531 U.S. 32 ( 2000 ) , was a case in which the Supreme Court of the United States limited the power of law enforcement to conduct suspicionless searches , specifically , using drug - sniffing dogs at roadblocks . Previous Supreme Court decisions had given the police power to create roadblocks for the purposes of border security ( United States v. Martinez - Fuerte ) , and removing drunk drivers from the road ( Michigan Dept . of State Police v. Sitz ) . This decision stated that the power was limited to situations in which the search was " designed to serve special needs , beyond the normal need for law enforcement . " The Court drew a line on check point programs that followed Police v. Sitz ( 1990 ) " whose primary purpose " is " to detect evidence of ordinary criminal wrongdoing " . The Court refused to " credit the ' general interest in crime control ' as justification for a regime of suspicionless stops . " The opinion was delivered by Justice O'Connor , joined by Justices Stevens , Kennedy , Souter , Ginsburg , and Breyer . Chief Justice Rehnquist delivered a dissenting opinion , in which Justice Thomas joined , and Justice Scalia joined as to part I. Justice Thomas also filed a separate dissent .

Northwestern Lehigh School District is a public school district in the northwestern corner of Lehigh County , Pennsylvania , in the United States . It serves Heidelberg , Lowhill , Lynn , and Weisenberg Townships . The district is composed of approximately 2,250 students , with two elementary schools , Weisenberg Elementary and Northwestern Lehigh Elementary , one middle school , and one high school . All schools offer gifted programs and special education programs . In 2004 - 2005 , the Northwestern Lehigh School District completed a Facility Master Plan ( FMP ) to analyze and document the status of all District facilities . The purpose of the FMP was to determine the extent , priority , and estimated costs of much needed facility repairs . Based on this study , the District engaged the help of many employees and community members to prioritize the needed repairs , renovations , and construction , and align this work with District resources . Their mascot is the Tiger and their school colors are black and gold . The high school is affectionately called " Corncob High " and by its students , a reflection of the surrounding farmland .

This article is about the demographic features of the population of the Republic of the Congo , including population density , ethnicity , education level , health of the populace , economic status , religious affiliations and other aspects of the population . The Republic of the Congo 's sparse population is concentrated in the southwestern portion of the country , leaving the vast areas of tropical jungle in the north virtually uninhabited . Thus , Congo is one of the most urbanized countries in Africa , with 85 % of its total population living in a few urban areas , namely in Brazzaville , Pointe - Noire , or one of the small cities or villages lining the railway which connects the two cities . In rural areas , industrial and commercial activity has declined rapidly in recent years , leaving rural economies dependent on the government for support and subsistence . Before the 1997 war , about 15,000 Europeans and other non - Africans lived in Congo , most of whom were French . Presently , only about 9,500 remain . Pygmies make up 2 % of Congo 's population .

A. J. Stasny Music Co. was an American publisher of popular sheet music . The firm was chartered as a New York corporation in 1922 by Betty " Bessie " Stastny ( née Fisher ) ( 1882–1974 ) and her husband , Anthony John Stastny ( 1885 – 1923 ) , and M. Kerr – although , there was music published from as early as 1908 bearing the name A. J. Stasny Music Co. Cleveland , Ohio . A. J. Stasny and his wife had moved from Cleveland to New York in 1910 . The New York firm was based out of the Tin Pan Alley district of Manhattan , New York . By 1920 , the firm had grown into one of the largest music publishing companies in the country with branch offices in 18 large cities , including Philadelphia , Chicago , San Francisco , and London – with over 200 employees and grossing over one million dollars a year . The company is currently privately held by an heir , Eleanor Fisher — 29 Green Grove Avenue , Keyport , New Jersey .

Kip Stephen Thorne ( born June   1 , 1940 ) is an American theoretical physicist and Nobel laureate , known for his contributions in gravitational physics and astrophysics . A longtime friend and colleague of Stephen Hawking and Carl Sagan , he was the Feynman Professor of Theoretical Physics at the California Institute of Technology ( Caltech ) until 2009 and is one of the world 's leading experts on the astrophysical implications of Einstein 's general theory of relativity . He continues to do scientific research and scientific consulting , most notably for the Christopher Nolan film Interstellar . In 2017 , Thorne was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics along with Rainer Weiss and Barry C. Barish " for decisive contributions to the LIGO detector and the observation of gravitational waves " .

The British Army during the American Revolutionary War served for eight years in campaigns fought around the globe . Defeat at the Siege of Yorktown to a combined Franco - US force ultimately led to the loss of the Thirteen Colonies in eastern North America , and the concluding Treaty of Paris deprived Britain of many of the gains achieved in the Seven Years ' War . However several victories elsewhere meant that much of the British Empire remained intact . In 1775 the British Army was a volunteer force . The army had suffered from lack of peacetime spending and ineffective recruitment in the decade since the Seven Years ' War , circumstances which had left it in a dilapidated state at the outbreak of war in North America . To offset this the British government quickly hired contingents of German mercenaries to serve as auxiliaries alongside the regular army units in campaigns from 1776 . Limited army impressment was also introduced in England and Scotland to bolster recruitment in 1778 , however the practice proved too unpopular and was proscribed again in 1780 . The attrition of constant fighting , the inability of the Royal Navy to decisively defeat the French Navy , and the withdrawal of the majority of British forces from North America in 1778 ultimately led to the British army 's defeat . The surrender of Cornwallis 's army at Yorktown in 1781 allowed the Whig opposition to gain a majority in parliament , and British operations were brought to an end .

" Do n't Let It End " is the third track and the second top 10 single on the 1983 album Kilroy Was Here , by Styx . The song was written and sung by Dennis DeYoung . The track is a mid - tempo ballad about one who breaks up with a lover and pleads to get the person back . The song reached # 6 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 in June 1983 and # 56 in the UK Singles Chart . It also reached # 15 on the Canadian RPM Top Singles chart the week of July 2 , 1983 . At the time , it was the seventh Styx single to peak in the top 10 of the Billboard Hot 100 . According to Dennis DeYoung in a 2005 interview with classicrockrevisited.com , the track was originally slated as the first single from Kilroy Was Here until the staff at A&M ; suggested " Mr. Roboto " . Despite the song 's enormous success along with Show Me The Way , Babe and The Best of Times , it has not been performed live by the band since singer Dennis DeYoung was dismissed in 1999 . DeYoung , however , still performs the song regularly on his solo tours .

St. Saviour 's Church ( ) is an Anglican church in Riga , Latvia at Anglikanu iela 2 . It is located in the north of the old town centre ( Vecrīga ) , close to Riga Castle and the banks of the Daugava River . The neo - Gothic church was designed by Johann Felsko . The foundation stone was laid in 1857 and the church was dedicated on 26 July 1859 . Church use was halted during the Soviet occupation , and in 1973 it became the home of the Riga Polytechnic Institute student club . After Latvia regained its independence in 1991 , an English - speaking congregation was again formed under the guidance of Lutheran Pastor Arden Haug . In 1995 the Latvian - born Reverend Dr Juris Calitis became the pastor of a growing congregation . Jāna Jēruma - Grīnberga was installed as priest - in - charge in October 2014 , succeeding Cālītis . The church operates a soup kitchen for homeless people in the undercroft , and supports a club for the elderly ( Senioru klubs ) . Historical records are held in London Metropolitan Archives .

The Cláudio Santoro National Theater ( Teatro Nacional Cláudio Santoro ) is a multi - theater building in Brasília , Brazil . It was designed by Oscar Niemeyer in the Modern architectural style . Construction began on July 30 , 1960 , and the building was completed in 1966 . Built in the shape of a truncated pyramid , it is the largest building in Brasilia designed by Niemeyer specifically for the arts . The building was closed for renovation in 1976 , and was reopened on April 21 , 1981 . The National Theater is operated by Secretary of Culture of the Federal District and is home to three venues ; the 60-seat Alberto Nepomuceno theater , the 407-seat Martins Pena theater , and the 1,407 seat Villa - Lobos theater . The complex also includes an exhibition gallery that is accessible to the public . The Theater has been under renovation for more than two years and remains closed to the public .

The Friesian ( also Frizian ) is a horse breed originating in Friesland , in the Netherlands . Although the conformation of the breed resembles that of a light draught horse , Friesians are graceful and nimble for their size . It is believed that during the Middle Ages , ancestors of Friesian horses were in great demand as war horses throughout continental Europe . Through the Early Middle Ages and High Middle Ages , their size enabled them to carry a knight in armour . In the Late Middle Ages , heavier , draught type animals were needed . Though the breed nearly became extinct on more than one occasion , the modern day Friesian horse is growing in numbers and popularity , used both in harness and under saddle . Most recently , the breed is being introduced to the field of dressage .

A Stop in a Desert ( ) is the second book of poems of Joseph Brodsky and the first composed by the poet himself . It is considered the result of the early works of the poet . Since 1965 , Joseph Brodsky lived in Leningrad ( where he returned after the link ) . At this time , only occasionally he managed to publish something of his poems in the Soviet press , his poems printed in emigrant magazines , and the first book of his poems published in 1965 in the United States , entitled " Poems and Poems " . It was drawn up without the participation of the author . A Stop in a Desert is the first book of poems Brodsky , composed by himself . Brodsky was a collection of the USSR , and the texts of the poems were secretly transferred to the United States . The book was published in 1970 by Chekhov Publishing House . In 1988 , the publishing house " Ardis " second edition of the collection has been carried out .

Al - Masry Sporting Club ( Classical Arabic:النادي المصري للألعاب الرياضية ; , El Nady El MasryThe Egyptian Club ) is an Egyptian sports club based in Port Said , Egypt . It is best known for its professional football team , which plays in the Egyptian Premier League , the top tier of the Egyptian football league system . Founded on 18 March 1920 by a group of Egyptians in Port Said to be the first club for Egyptians in this coastal city which was full of many other clubs for the foreign communities which inhabited there . Al - Masry has won 5 official titles and 17 local ones throughout its history . It is one of the five clubs that have the largest number of fans in Egypt , beside Al Ahly , Zamalek , Ismaily and El Ittihad El Sakandary . The club plays their home matches in the Port Said Stadium , with a capacity of 17,988 .

The CBC Tower , also known as the WesTower Transmission Tower , was a 371 metre high guyed mast for FM- and TV - transmission located atop Mont - Carmel near Shawinigan , Quebec , Canada . The tower was built in 1972 and it served for several decades as Quebec 's primary CBC transmission point and also served several radio and television stations for the Trois - Rivières market . On April 22 , 2001 a lone pilot , Gilbert Paquette , flew his Cessna 150 into the tower and was killed . The fuselage of the plane remained wedged in the upper part of the tower , with the pilot 's body inside . The crash also knocked the tower several metres off balance . It was decided that due to the structural damage and the need to recover the pilot 's body the mast would have to be demolished . Several days later a controlled implosion brought the tower down , not damaging the several buildings nearby . It was the tallest structure ever implosively demolished . The mast was later replaced by a new mast near the same site .

The tufted sole ( Dexillus muelleri ) is a species of flatfish from the family of true soles Soleidae . It is the only species in the monotypic genus Dexillus . It is found in the Indian and western Pacific Oceans . The tufted sole is found over seabeds which consist of sand , mud , gravel , and sea grass bottoms on the inner continental shelf , they are frequently recorded as coming into bays and the mouths of estuaries . They feed on a variety of benthic invertebrates and the maximum recorded standard length for this species is 221 mm . This species has been recorded from India and Sri Lanka east through the Malay Archipelago and northern Australia to Tonga , Fiji and American Samoa . Its northern limit is the Philippines . It is of minor commercial importance . Two other species Brachirus macrolepis and Synaptura megalepidoura which have both been placed by some authors in the genus Brachirus , alongside Dexillus muelleri , are also placed in the genus Dexillus by some authorities .

La Bufadora is a marine geyser or blowhole located on the Punta Banda Peninsula in Baja California , Mexico . The spout of sea water is the result of air , trapped in a sea cave , exploding upwards . Air is forced into the cave by wave action and is released when the water recedes . This interaction not only creates the spout , but a thunderous noise as well . The phenomena repeats every minute or so with its volume depending on the strength of the waves . La Bufadora is one of the largest blowholes in North America , often shooting upwards more than above sea level . The exhibit hall roof top is approximately above sea level and the blowhole frequently sprays above it . See Also : La Bufadora ~ Bahia Asuncion , Bahia Asuncion , Baja California Sur , Mexico http://bahiaasuncion.com See Also : La Bufadora Inn , Bahia Asuncion , Baja California Sur , Mexico

Kim Yoon - seok ( born January 21 , 1968 ) is a South Korean actor . Kim 's theater background first led him to be cast in minor roles on film and television . His breakout role came as the villain in gambling film ( 2006 ) , but it was his performance as an ex - cop turned pimp in surprise hit The Chaser ( 2008 ) that brought him acting awards and stardom in his forties . Kim has since become an acclaimed actor in South Korea , with notable performances in films such as Running Turtle ( 2009 ) , The Yellow Sea ( 2010 ) , Punch ( 2011),The Thieves ( 2012 ) , ( 2013 ) , Sea Fog ( 2014 ) , The Classified File ( 2015 ) , The Priests ( 2015 ) and ( 2017 ) .

Bicycle Thieves (; sometimes known in the United States as The Bicycle Thief ) is a 1948 Italian drama film directed by Vittorio De Sica . The film follows the story of a poor father searching post - World War II Rome for his stolen bicycle , without which he will lose the job which was to be the salvation of his young family . Adapted for the screen by Cesare Zavattini from a novel by Luigi Bartolini , and starring Lamberto Maggiorani as the desperate father and Enzo Staiola as his plucky young son , Bicycle Thieves is widely regarded as a masterpiece of Italian neorealism . It received an Academy Honorary Award in 1950 and , just four years after its release , was deemed the greatest film of all time by Sight & Sound magazine 's poll of filmmakers and critics ; fifty years later the same poll ranked it sixth among the greatest - ever films . It is also one of the top ten among the British Film Institute 's list of films you should see by the age of 14 .

Luisa Etxenike ( born on 10 July 1957 , San Sebastián , Spain ) is an author from the Basque Country .. She has published several novels , short story collections , plays and a poetry collection . She had a weekly column on culture and politics in the Spanish newspaper , El País . In 2009 , Etxenike received the Basque literary award Premio Euskadi de Literatura for her novel El ángulo ciego . Fluent in Spanish , French and English , she has translated the works of several French authors , including the filmmaker Claude Lanzmann Etxenike organises local writing workshops , and has directed an annual women ’s literary festival in San Sebastián Un mundo de escritoras since 1987,(formally known as Encuentro de escritoras ) , and is the founder and director of the online cultural platform , Canal Europa . In 2013 she was awarded the Medalla al Mérito Ciudadano , ( Medal for Exemplary Citizenship ) from the City of San Sebastián .

Pari Urqu ( Aymara pari red hot , Quechua pari warm , to get very hot , overheated , urqu mountain , " hot mountain " , hispanicized spellings Pari Orcko , Pary Orcko , Pari Orco ) is a mountain in the Andes in Bolivia , about 3,950   m ( 12,959   ft ) high . It is located in the Potosí Department , Tomás Frías Province , Potosí Municipality . Pari Urqu lies in the west of Potosí , north west of the higher Cerro Rico ( Spanish name ) , P'utuqsi Urqu or Sumaq Urqu ( Quechua names ) which lies in the south of Potosí . There is a tower on the top of Pari Urqu which has a revolving restaurant to give a 360 degree view of the town .

Westlake is a light rail and bus station that is part of the Downtown Seattle Transit Tunnel in Seattle , Washington . The station serves Pine Street between 3rd and 6th avenues in Downtown Seattle , near Westlake Center and Westlake Park . It is served by the Central Link , part of Sound Transit 's Link light rail system , as well as buses from King County Metro and Sound Transit Express . The station is also connected above ground by buses , the South Lake Union Streetcar , and the Seattle Center Monorail . Westlake station consists of two underground side platforms , connected to the surface by entrances and a mezzanine level served by nearby department stores . It is situated between University Street station to the south , and the former Convention Place station to the north ; Convention Place was only served by buses , however , and Capitol Hill station is the next northbound light rail station . The transit tunnel was built in the 1980s and opened for bus - only service on September 15 , 1990 . The tunnel was closed from 2005 to 2007 for a large renovation to prepare for light rail service , which began on July 18 , 2009 . Link light rail trains terminated at Westlake until the opening of the University Link Extension in 2016 . Trains and buses serve the station twenty hours a day on most days ; the headway between light rail trains is six minutes during peak periods , with less frequent service at other times . The tunnel will become train - only by 2019 , and a second downtown tunnel is planned to be built in 2030 , with a transfer at Westlake station .

Obliteration Pie is an album by Robyn Hitchcock , released in Japan in 2005 . Not released in the UK or America , the set nonetheless contains six otherwise unavailable titles , and re - makes of several tracks from Hitchcock 's catalogue such as " Madonna Of The Wasps " and " My Wife And My Dead Wife " , the latter song introduced with one of his live spoken monologues . The album includes a cover of the Lipps Inc. disco classic " Funkytown " , the result of his latter - day interest in remaking unlikely 1970s tracks for live audiences . This is the first Hitchcock release to include video footage on the disc , in this case promo clips for " I Often Dream Of Trains " and " The Man With The Lightbulb Head " , both of which date to the mid-1980s , and originally appeared on the video release of Got ta Let This Hen Out . The booklet contains lyrics in English and Japanese .

Elżbieta Zawacka (; 19 March 1909 – 10 January 2009 ) , known also by her war - time nom de guerre Zo , was a Polish university professor , scouting instructor , SOE agent and a freedom fighter during World War II . She was also a Brigadier General of the Polish Army ( the second and last woman in the history of the Polish Army to hold this rank ) , promoted by President Lech Kaczyński on 3 May 2006 . The only woman among the Cichociemni , she served as a courier for the Home Army , carrying letters and other documents from Nazi - occupied Poland to the Polish government in exile and back . Her regular route ran from Warsaw through Berlin and Sweden to London . She was also responsible for organizing routes for other couriers of the Home Army .

Lake Eyre is a locality in the Australian state of South Australia located about north of the state capital of Adelaide and north of the town of Marree and which is associated with the occasional body of water known as Lake Eyre . The locality was established on 26 April 2013 in respect to “ the long established local name . ” Its name is derived from the former Lake Eyre National Park . The locality covers the full extent of Lake Eyre including islands within the lake ’s extent , the Hunt Peninsula at the southern coast of the northern part of the lake and land on the lake ’s east side . The principal land use within the locality is conservation with its full extent being occupied by the following protected areas - the Elliot Price Conservation Park and the Kati Thanda - Lake Eyre National Park . Lake Eyre is located within the federal Division of Grey , the state electoral district of Stuart , the Pastoral Unincorporated Area of South Australia and the state ’s Far North region .

Sir Ninian Martin Stephen ( 15 June 1923 – 29 October 2017 ) was an Australian judge who served as the 20th Governor - General of Australia , in office from 1982 to 1989 . He was previously a Justice of the High Court of Australia from 1972 to 1982 . Stephen was born in England to Scottish parents . As a child he lived for periods in France , Germany , Scotland , and Switzerland , eventually arriving in Australia at the age of 16 . Stephen served with the Australian Army during World War II , and after the war entered the legal profession . He became one of Australia 's leading constitutional lawyers . Stephen was appointed to the Supreme Court of Victoria in 1970 , and then to the High Court in 1972 , aged 48 . He was considered a member of the court 's " moderate centre " . In 1982 , Stephen was appointed governor - general on the recommendation of Malcolm Fraser . He approved two double dissolutions during his time in office , the only governor - general to do so . After his term expired , Stephen remained active in public life as a conservationist and member of various international tribunals . He died at the age of 94 , making him Australia 's longest - lived governor - general .

Solidarnost ( Солидарность , Russian for " Solidarity " , named after the Polish Solidarność ) is a Russian liberal democratic political movement founded on 13 December 2008 by a number of well - known members of the liberal democratic opposition , including Garry Kasparov , Boris Nemtsov and others from the Yabloko and Union of Right Forces ( which had just merged with two pro - Kremlin parties , the Democratic Party of Russia and Civilian Power , to form the pro - Kremlin liberal democratic Right Cause ) parties , leaders of the Dissenters March events , the Committee 2008 , the People 's Democratic Union , the United Civil Front , The Other Russia and other politicians and political groups . In an apparent attempt to weaken the movement immediately before its foundation , President Dmitri Medvedev nominated former leader of the Union of Right Forces Nikita Belykh to become governor of the Kirov Oblast ( Belykh agreed to take the position ) . As reported by the International Herald Tribune Belykh " sought to explain his decision by arguing that he could do more good by working with the Kremlin . He said he would prove that someone with progressive ideas could succeed in the government " , while saying that " When you have nothing at all , when you can not even get close in the elections , when all your paths are being cut off , then you just ca n't have a political party . "

Harvey Phillip Pratt ( born 1941 ) is an American forensic artist and Native American artist , who has worked for over forty years in law enforcement , completing thousands of composite drawings and hundreds of soft tissue postmortem reconstructions . To this end , his work has assisted in thousands of arrests and hundreds of identification of unidentified human remains throughout America . His expertise in witness description drawing , skull reconstruction , skull tracing , age progression , soft tissue postmortem drawing and restoration of photographs and videos have aided law enforcement agencies both nationally and internationally . Pratt also assists investigations though training classes , besides lecturing before universities , colleges , schools and civic groups . In the early 2000 's Pratt teamed up with David Paulides in researching Bigfoot on the Hoopa Reservation in California , as well as in his home state of Oklahoma .

Insomniac 's Guide to a Lonely Heart is the debut album by American pop artist Ben Bledsoe , released on July 19 , 2005 on indie label 44th Floor Records . Prior to being a solo artist Ben had been part of the boyband Natural . With the group he had released 2 albums and had several top 20 singles in Germany . Once the group disbanded Ben began to record ' Insomniac 's Guide to a Lonely Heart ' . He was the first of the former members to release a solo album . Ben wrote or co wrote on all 12 tracks . He also recorded many of the instruments himself . The album was a mix of pop , rock , and funk . Many of the songs were piano and guitar driven . Being an indie release there was no need for a single . However ' Boyfriend ' became a leading track and was planned for an official release though it never did . The album is available at most online retailers and performed well where sold . It was in the top 5 % of Amazon.com 's US CD sales , as well as being its # 1 export to Germany . It was also simultaneously # 1 and # 2 on Awarestore.com beating out Aware 's own artists such as ' John Mayer ' , ' Five for Fighting ' , and Wheatus . An official German release was planned but never initiated . " Boyfriend " would have been the leading single .

Bin Roye (; lit : Without Crying ) , is a Pakistani romantic television drama serial which premiered on Hum TV on October 2 , 2016 . Bin Roye centers on love as it follows the life of Saba Shafiq who unknown to her cousin Irtaza , deeply loves him but he only thinks of her as a friend . The story then follow Saba 's obsession with Irtaza , and his marriage with her sister Saman . Created and produced by Momina Duraid , Bin Roye it is co - directed , Shahzad Kashmiri and Haissam Hussain and was written by Farhat Ishtiaq based on her novel of similar name . The series aired on Hum TV as part of a night programming all under Duraid 's production company . In 2015 , an film adaption of novel , with same cast and crew was also released , which went onto become the third - highest - grossing film of Pakistan . Mahira Khan , Humayun Saeed and Armeena Rana Khan reprised their leading roles from the film adaption , as Saba Shafiq , Irtaza and Saman Shafiq , respectively . Javed Sheikh , Zeba Bakhtiar , Junaid Khan and Jahanzeb Khan also return to series in recurring roles , while Adnan Malik and Saman Ansari joined for television adaptation .

Novoryazanskaya Street Garage , also spelled Novo - Ryazanskaya Street Garage , and known as " Horseshoe garage " , was designed by Konstantin Melnikov and Vladimir Shukhov ( structural engineering ) in 1926 and completed in 1929 at 27 , Novoryazanskaya Street in Krasnoselsky District , Moscow , Russia , near Kazansky Rail Terminal . The main building of this truck garage has a semi - circular form , with service workshops and office in a standalone building between the tips of a " horseshoe " . Each of two levels could store 110 trucks ; unlike Bakhmetevsky Bus Garage , these had to be parked conventionally , using reverse gear . Each tip of the horseshoe has a V - shaped protrusion with entry and exit gates set at an angle to the street line ; this was supposed to simplify entry and exit from a narrow street . This garage is still used as such , and houses Moscow 's Fourth Bus Park . However , since modern articulated buses are longer than 1920s trucks , present - day parking arrangement differs from Melnikov 's efficient layout .

Ryczów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Spytkowice , within Wadowice County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland . It lies approximately north of Wadowice and west of the regional capital Kraków . The village was founded in the early 14th century by Cistercian monks from Kraków . A Catholic parish was founded in 1436 . Between 1945 – 1954 years the village was a seat of a separate gmina . In 1975–1999 , it belonged to Bielsko - Biala Voivodeship Ryczów is geographically subdivided into two parts . The southern part lies within the , whereas the northern part is in the valley of the Vistula River ( Kraków Gate ) . The highest point of the village is about 345 m above sea level and the lowest is about 100 m below . Through the village runs the National Road No . 44 ( Gliwice - Oświęcim - Skawina - Kraków ) and the railway line Kraków - Oświęcim . At the northern end on the bank of the Vistula river lies the hamlet called Chałupki . Kindergarten , primary school and gymnasium are located in Ryczów .

Francesco 's Mediterranean Voyage is a BBC Television documentary series first aired in 2008 . It follows Venetian architect Francesco da Mosto as he follows the historical Venetian trading route from Venice through the Adriatic Sea , Corinth Canal , Aegean Sea and Dardanelles to Istanbul . This route was taken by , among others , his ancestor Alvise da Mosto . Travelling as a member of the crew of the Camper and Nicholsons ketch Black Swan , along the way he stops off at the ports that were visited by the earlier traders and were in many cases part of the Venetian Empire . The series was written by Da Mosto . Eden broadcasts edited highlights of the episodes as repeats , seriously shortened to fit the same time slot as the BBC but with commercials replacing much of the content . When this happens the original programmes are removed from the BBC iPlayer . The series was broadcast on BBC Four in 2018 .

Mazinaw Rock is a high cliff in the Addington Highlands , just north of Kaladar , south - central Ontario , Canada . It stretches for along Mazinaw Lake , and is a landmark in the Bon Echo Provincial Park that draws the attention of many campers and cottagers . Beneath the cliff itself , the lake 's depth reaches , making it the second deepest lake in Ontario besides the Great Lakes . This means the cliff face continues nearly straight down for a total of roughly . The rock is composed of granite and black dykes . The quality of the rock varies from good on the more popular routes to bad on the less used routes . The rock is credited in giving the name to Bon Echo Provincial Park , because it is responsible for the large echo that is unmistakable during thunderstorms and fireworks displays . Bon Echo is French for " good echo " . The face of the rock is riddled with over 260 native pictographs . This gives it the largest collection of visible pictographs in Canada . The word Mazinaw originates from Algonkian , which means " painted rock " giving the rock its name . Near the bottom of the rock face there is also an engraved tribute to Walt Whitman , inscribed for Flora MacDonald Denison , who ran the inn in the provincial park during the 1910s .

Air Vice Marshal Sir Charles Putnam Symonds , ( 11 April 1890 – 7 December 1978 ) was an English neurologist and a senior medical officer in the Royal Air Force . His initial medical training was at Guy 's Hospital , followed by specialised training at the National Hospital for Neurology and Neurosurgery . Contributions to neurology by Symonds include a highly accurate description of subarachnoid haemorrhage in 1924 , and idiopathic intracranial hypertension ( which he termed " otitic hydrocephalus " ) in 1931 . He served in both the First and Second World Wars , initially in the ranks as a motorcycle despatch rider on the Western Front . After being wounded and invalided back to the United Kingdom , he completed his basic medical training and served as a medical officer , both on the front lines and attached to the Royal Flying Corps at Farnborough . In the mid-1930s he became a civilian consultant to the Royal Air Force and on the outbreak of the Second World War was commissioned as a group captain . By the end of the war he held the acting rank of air vice marshal and had been knighted .

Tango SA , is the leading alternative operator in Luxembourg , offering TV , Internet , fixed and mobile telephony services to residential customers , the self - employed and small businesses . Driven by its taste for a good challenge and intent on offering simplicity and clarity , Tango is focused on the user , and since its inception in 1998 , has rolled out a strong innovation policy to provide advanced technologies at affordable fares . The company relies on an efficient distribution network which includes 9 Tango outlets and 17 partner outlets . Tango also works closely with international partners , such as Vodafone , to ensure an optimal communication experience . As of January 2018 , Tango counts more than 280,000 customers mainly located in Luxembourg but also in the 3 border countries Belgium , France , Germany . As a member of the Proximus Group since 2008 , Tango has been working hand - in - hand with its sister company Telindus , a leading integrator and operator in Luxembourg offering services in the field of fixed and mobile telecommunications , ICT infrastructure , the Cloud and security . Brought together under the Proximus Luxembourg structure since October 2016 , the two companies cover all the expertise required to meet the needs of residential customers and businesses , whatever their size .

" Crème Fraîche " is the 14th episode and season finale of the fourteenth season of American animated television series South Park , and the 209th episode of the series overall . It first aired on Comedy Central in the United States on November 17 , 2010 . In the episode , Stan 's life is reduced to shambles both at home and in school due to Randy 's new obsession with the Food Network , while Sharon explores a new interest of her own . The episode was written and directed by series co - creator Trey Parker , and was rated TV - MA L in the United States . In its original American broadcast on November 17 , 2010 , " Crème Fraîche " was watched by 2.87 million viewers , according to the Nielsen Media Research . It was the highest viewed scripted show of the day . It received a 1.9 rating/5 % share among adult viewers between ages 18 and 49 .

Padma Bahadur Khatri ( 19 July 1915 - 1985 ) was a former foreign minister of Nepal , and also served as an army officer and diplomat . He began his career as a soldier , and eventually attained the rank of Major General . He delivered Nepal 's first application for membership of the United Nations in 1948 , which was eventually accepted in 1955 . He served as Nepal 's Permanent Representative to the United Nations , and was twice the President of the Security Council when Nepal was a member of the Council in the 1970s . In 1962 he was chairman of the Nepal - China Boundary Commission that successfully demarcated the Nepalese - Tibetan border . He served twice as the Nepali Ambassador to the United States in the 1960s and 1970s . In 1982 , he was appointed as foreign minister by the King of Nepal . At the time of his death , he was a member of the National Assembly of Nepal .

Candler is an unincorporated community in Buncombe County , North Carolina , United States . It lies on North Carolina Highway 151 and U.S. Routes 19 , 23 , and 74 Business , at an elevation of 2,122.7   feet ( 647   m ) . The ZIP code of Candler is 28715 . The community is part of the Asheville Metropolitan Statistical Area . This mountain community nestles in Hominy Valley , approximately halfway between Asheville ( to the east ) and Canton ( to the west ) via Interstate 40 ( about 20 minutes either way ) . Mount Pisgah , with access to the Blue Ridge Parkway , stands to the south , and Asheville to the east . Most of Candler lies within the district of Enka High School , a public secondary school .

The Botswana Democratic Party ( abbreviated BDP ) is the governing party in Botswana . Its chairman is the current Vice - President of the Republic of Botswana , Slumber Tsogwane . The previous party chairs include , among others , Mokgweetsi Masisi , Ponatshego Kedikilwe , Daniel Kwelagobe , Samson Guma Moyo , and Lieutenant General Ian Khama . The BDP was primarily shaped by two of its founders , Sir Seretse Khama and Quett Masire , who are celebrated for nurturing the success of Botswana . Traditional Setswana communities make up the party 's base , which has led the BDP to remain a conservative movement . In the 2014 Parliamentary elections , the BDP took 37 seats , giving it continued control of the chamber .

Henry Olusegun Adeola Samuel ( born 19 February 1963 ) , known professionally as Seal , is a British singer and songwriter who has sold over 20 million records worldwide , his first international hit being the song " Crazy " , released in 1991 and his most celebrated song being " Kiss from a Rose " , released in 1994 . Seal has won multiple awards throughout his career , including three Brit Awards ; he won Best British Male in 1992 , as well as four Grammy Awards and an MTV Video Music Award . As a songwriter , he received two Ivor Novello Awards for Best Song Musically and Lyrically from the British Academy of Songwriters , Composers , and Authors for " Killer " ( 1990 ) and " Crazy " ( 1991 ) . He was a coach on The Voice Australia in 2012 and 2013 , and returned to Australia to work as a coach in 2017 .

Carlo Giuseppe Ratti ( 1737 – 1795 ) was an Italian art biographer and painter of the late - Baroque period . He was a pupil of the painter Giovanni Agostino Ratti . Born in Savona , he moved to Rome where he befriended Anton Raphael Mengs and Pompeo Batoni . He died in Genoa , where he labored for many years . He added to Raffaele Soprani ’s history of Genoese painters : Vite de ' pittori , scultori ed architetti genovesi first published in 1769 in Genoa . He painted an Annunciation for the church of Santa Maria delle Vigne in Genoa . He also published A Life of Rafael Mengs , and Notices of Correggio . He corresponded with Luigi Lanzi , providing information regarding the artworks and painters in Liguria for Lanzi 's Storia Pittorica dell'Italia . He was knighted by Pope Pius VI and made director of the Accademia Ligustica di Belle Arti . One of his pupils was the portraitist Raimondo Ghelli .

Alberta has experienced a relatively high rate of growth in recent years , due in large part to its economy . Between 2003 and 2004 , the province saw high birthrates ( on par with some larger provinces such as British Columbia ) , relatively high immigration , and a high rate of interprovincial migration when compared to other provinces . Approximately 81 % of the population live in urban areas and only about 19 % live in rural areas . The Calgary – Edmonton Corridor is the most urbanized area in Alberta and is one of Canada 's four most urban regions . Many of Alberta 's cities and towns have also experienced high rates of growth in recent history . From a population of 73,022 in 1901 , Alberta has grown to 3,645,257 in 2011 and in the process has gone from less than 1.5 % of Canada 's population to 10.9 % .

Carrick Swan GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club , located in the town of Carrick - on - Suir in south County Tipperary in Ireland . It is one of three GAA clubs in the town , one of which , St. Molleran 's , is in County Waterford in the southern suburb of Carrickbeg . The Swan are predominantly a hurling club and lead the roll of honour for the number of South Tipperary senior hurling championships won . The club enjoys a keen rivalry with the longer established Carrick Davins , named in honour of Maurice Davin , first President of the GAA who lived at Deerpark near the town . They have one of the best setups for underage youngsters in the county with numerous county titles been won underage . The Swans ' most famous players were the Wall brothers , Willie and Tom who played with distinction for Tipperary in the 1940s .

Eric Reed Boucher ( born June 17 , 1958 ) , better known by his professional name Jello Biafra , is the former lead singer and songwriter for the San Francisco punk rock band Dead Kennedys . He is a musician and spoken word artist . Initially active from 1979 to 1986 , Dead Kennedys were known for rapid - fire music topped with Biafra 's sardonic lyrics and biting social commentary , delivered in his " unique quiver of a voice . " When the band broke up in 1986 , he took over the influential independent record label Alternative Tentacles , which he had founded in 1979 with Dead Kennedys bandmate East Bay Ray . In a 2000 lawsuit , upheld on appeal in 2003 by the California Supreme Court , Biafra was found liable for breach of contract , fraud and malice in withholding a decade 's worth of royalties from his former bandmates and ordered to pay over $ 200,000 in compensation and punitive damages ; the band subsequently reformed without Biafra . Although now focused primarily on spoken word performances , Biafra has continued as a musician in numerous collaborations . Politically , Biafra is a member of the Green Party of the United States and supports various political causes . He ran for the party 's Presidential nomination in the 2000 United States Presidential Election , finishing a distant second to Ralph Nader . He is a staunch believer in a free society , and utilizes shock value and advocates direct action and pranksterism in the name of political causes . Biafra is known to use absurdist media tactics , in the leftist tradition of the Yippies , to highlight issues of civil rights and social justice .

This is a chronological list of mayors of Sofia , the capital of Bulgaria , since that post was established after the Liberation of Bulgaria in 1878 . Initially , the mayors of Sofia were assigned by the Provisional Russian Administration . After the newly restored Bulgarian state was already functioning on its own , in the end of 1878 , mayors were chosen by the municipal council . Until 1944 , the mayor ( with the official title of " Chairman of the City Administrative Council " ) was appointed through a Tsar 's decree after a candidate was suggested by the Minister of Internal Affairs . After that date , the mayor ( officially " Chairman of the Executive Committee of the Sofia City ( later Capital ) People 's Council " ) was formally chosen by the municipal councilors , albeit after being specified by the Bulgarian Communist Party management . Since the democratic changes and the 7th Grand National Assembly in 1990 that led to the appointment of an interim mayor ( Green Party of Bulgaria leader Aleksandar Karakachanov ) , the residents of Sofia received the right to choose their mayor , the first democratically elected one being Aleksandar Yanchulev on 13 October 1991 .

Liberty Belle and the Black Diamond Express , the fourth album by The Go - Betweens , was released in March 1986 in the UK on Beggars Banquet Records , the record label that would release the remainder of the original group 's LPs through their break - up in 1989 . The album was recorded at Berry Street Studios in London , England . The original release consisted of ten songs . The UK CD release in 1986 ( BEGA 72 ) had the original ten tracks , plus two bonus tracks : " The Life At Hand " and " Little Joe " . In 2004 , LO - MAX Records released an expanded CD which included a second disc of eleven bonus tracks and music videos for the songs , " Spring Rain " and " Head Full of Steam " ( Single Version ) .

The parks and gardens in Bratislava have formed a part of the landscape of the capital of Slovakia since the Middle Ages . Some of the historical gardens of Bratislava had such architectonic value that they were widely known outside of the city and well beyond the borders of the Kingdom of Hungary . Perhaps the best known garden in the city 's history was the renaissance Pálffy Garden , with its famous landmark , a centuries - old linden tree encased in a wooden terrace frame , seven floors in height . Today , Bratislava 's most famous park is Sad Janka Kráľa , established in 1774 - 1776 it is the oldest public park in Central Europe . There are over 20 different caretakers of parks in Bratislava and all of the parks and gardens in the city lack long - term and consistent care . The level of park maintenance is low and the parks often lack functioning pathways , benches and lightning .

James Joseph Webster ( born 14 June 1925 in Flinders Island , Tasmania ) is a former member of the Australian Senate . The son of state MP Leslie Webster , he was educated at Caulfield Grammar School and the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology . He worked as an accountant and farmer prior to entering politics . Webster was appointed to the Senate as a member of the Country Party following the death of Harrie Wade in 1964 , and served in the Senate until 1980 . He was the federal Minister for Science ( later Minister for Science and the Environment ) in the Fraser Government from 1975 to 1979 . In 1975 , his constitutional eligibility to sit in the Senate was questioned , prompting the Parliament to introduce the Common Informers ( Parliamentary Disqualifications ) Act 1975 , although ultimately the High Court found that he was not ineligible and he continued to serve until his retirement in 1980 .

Trágala ( Spanish : " swallow it " ) is a song the Spanish liberals used to humiliate the absolutists after the military pronunciamiento of Rafael del Riego in Cabezas de San Juan , at the beginning of the period known as Trienio Liberal ( 1820 - 1823 ) . Particularly the satire is directed against Ferdinand VII , who in 1820 was forced to swear the Constitution of Cadiz when he pronounced his famous phrase " Let us march frankly , and I the first , by the constitutional path " . It is said that Rafael de Riego himself ordered , upon entering Madrid , for this composition to be spread . After the intervention of the powers of the Holy Alliance ( French expedition of the Hundred Thousand Sons of Saint Louis commanded by the Duke of Angoulême ) , it became a symbol of resistance against the political repression of the Ominous Decade . It is probably modelled after other songs of the French Revolution such as Ça Ira . This song , with different lyrics , continued to be sung in Spain as a leftist symbol against the right , the Catholic Church or the monarchy in different historical conjunctures , notably during the Second Republic and the Spanish Civil War . There were many versions of the anonymous and popular lyrics . La Pitita is counter song , sung by supporters of Ferdinand VII .

Matthew Hale Carpenter ( born Decatur Merritt Hammond Carpenter ; December 22 , 1824 – February 24 , 1881 ) was an American attorney and U.S. Senator representing the state of Wisconsin . He served in the Senate from 1869 to 1875 and again from 1879 to 1881 . Recognized as an authority on constitutional law , he made some of the most important legal arguments of 19th - century America . Carpenter presented cases before the U. S. Supreme Court involving such matters as states ' rights and regulation of corporations . Originally a Democrat , he evolved into a Republican during the Civil War , and helped perpetuate the party 's political machinery in Wisconsin . His sustained support for President Ulysses S. Grant 's administration despite allegations of corruption lost him the backing of reformers , and his legal arguments in favor of Democratic candidate Samuel J. Tilden in the disputed presidential election of 1876 outraged many Republicans . A gifted orator , he was dubbed " the Webster of the West . "

The Warmers were a post - hardcore band based in Washington , D.C. active from 1994 to 1997 . A trio featuring former Faith vocalist Alec MacKaye ( guitar and vocals ) , Juan Luis Carrera ( bass and vocals ) , and Amy Farina ( drums ) , The Warmers recorded for the Washington D.C. based record label Dischord . Their self - titled album The Warmers , released in February 1996 , was praised for its minimalism and Farina 's " furious " drumming . “ The thing that really knocked me out is the not - drumming in her drumming , where she does n’t bang where she ’s supposed to , and holds off , and then puts it in , ” said MacKaye of Farina 's style . “ The rhythm is just too awesome . Had we gotten a hot - shot guitar player , they might want to rock the guitar a little too hard , and we ’d lose the attention to the rhythm . ” An EP entitled Wanted : More was released posthumously in May 2004 and features six songs recorded in December 1996 . " Poked It With A Stick " , originally from their album The Warmers , is featured on the three - CD compilation album 20 Years of Dischord . Farina would go on to form The Evens with Alec 's brother and her husband Ian MacKaye .

Barry Alexander Brown ( born 2 November 1960 in Warrington , Cheshire ) is an English born - American film director and editor . As a film editor , he is best known for collaborations with film director Spike Lee , editing some of Lee 's best known films including Do the Right Thing ( 1989 ) , Malcolm X ( 1992 ) , He Got Game ( 1998 ) , 25th Hour ( 2002 ) , Inside Man ( 2006 ) , and BlacKkKlansman ( 2018 ) . As a film director , Brown co - directed the documentary film The War at Home ( 1979 ) , for which it was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature and was one of the youngest nominees for the category . Some of his other film directing credits include The Who 's Tommy , the Amazing Journey ( 1993 ) , a documentary film about The Who 's Tommy album , and the feature film Winning Girls Through Psychic Mind Control ( 2002 ) , starring Bronson Pinchot . Brown has also edited music videos for Michael Jackson , Prince , Stevie Wonder , Public Enemy and Arrested Development . He is a former associate professor of Film Studies at Columbia University .

Cyprus has sent athletes to every Olympic Games held since 1980 . Cyprus earned its first Olympic medal in the 2012 Summer Olympics when Pavlos Kontides earned a silver medal in the men 's laser sailing event . They had a near miss at the 2008 Olympics when Antonis Nikolaidis lost the bronze medal shoot - off in men 's skeet . The first modern Olympian from Cyprus was actually Anastasios Andreou in 1896 , who competed under the Greek flag . At this time , Cyprus was a British colony . Because the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus is not internationally recognized by any major authority ( including the IOC ) , it has no Olympic committee . Therefore , all Cypriot Olympians are required to compete under the name and flag of the Republic of Cyprus . Those who are unable or unwilling to compete under the flag of the Republic either compete for Turkey , or for another country , or not at all .

El Niño (; ) is the warm phase of the El Niño Southern Oscillation ( commonly called ENSO ) and is associated with a band of warm ocean water that develops in the central and east - central equatorial Pacific ( between approximately the International Date Line and 120 ° W ) , including off the Pacific coast of South America . El Niño Southern Oscillation refers to the cycle of warm and cold temperatures , as measured by sea surface temperature , SST , of the tropical central and eastern Pacific Ocean . El Niño is accompanied by high air pressure in the western Pacific and low air pressure in the eastern Pacific . The cool phase of ENSO is called " La Niña " with SST in the eastern Pacific below average and air pressures high in the eastern and low in western Pacific . The ENSO cycle , both El Niño and La Niña , cause global changes of both temperatures and rainfall . Developing countries that are dependent upon agriculture and fishing , particularly those bordering the Pacific Ocean , are usually most affected . In American Spanish , the capitalized term " El Niño " refers to " the boy " , so named because the pool of warm water in the Pacific near South America is often at its warmest around Christmas . The original name , " El Niño de Navidad " , traces its origin centuries back to Peruvian fishermen , who named the weather phenomenon in reference to the newborn Christ . " La Niña " , chosen as the ' opposite ' of El Niño , literally translates to " the girl " .

Animal Crossing is a community simulation video game series developed and published by Nintendo , in which the human player lives in a village inhabited by anthropomorphic animals , carrying out various activities including fishing , bug catching , fossil hunting , etc . The series is notable for its open - ended gameplay and extensive use of the game systems ' internal clock and calendar to simulate real passage of time . Four Animal Crossing games have been released worldwide , one each for the Nintendo 64 ( enhanced and reissued for the GameCube ) , Nintendo DS , Wii , and the Nintendo 3DS . A fifth game , for the Nintendo Switch , is scheduled for a 2019 release . The series has been both critically and commercially successful and has sold over 30 million units worldwide . Three spin - off games have also been released : ( for Nintendo 3DS ) , ( for mobile phones ) , and ( for Wii U ) .

Robert " Rocky " Balboa is the title character of the Rocky film series . The character was created by Sylvester Stallone , who also portrayed him in all seven Rocky films . He is depicted as an everyman who started out by going the distance and overcoming obstacles that had occurred in his life and career as a professional boxer . While he is loosely based on Chuck Wepner , a one - time boxer who fought Muhammad Ali and lost on a TKO in the 15th round , the inspiration for the name , iconography and fighting style came from boxing legend Rocky Marciano . The character is widely considered to be Stallone 's most iconic role and is often considered the role that started his film career . He received critical acclaim for his performance in the first movie , earning Academy Award and Golden Globe Award nominations . When Stallone reprised his role once again in 2015 for Creed , his performance received wide acclaim and he received his first Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor , along with his third Oscar nomination for Best Supporting Actor , the National Board of Review Award for Best Supporting Actor and several other accolades .

Store Torungen Lighthouse ( ) is a coastal lighthouse on the island of Store Torungen in the municipality of Arendal in Aust - Agder county , Norway . This lighthouse , together with the nearby Lille Torungen Lighthouse , mark the entrance from the Skaggerak through the outlying islands to the mainland town of Arendal . Both lighthouses were built in 1844 with the same specifications , making " twin " lighthouses marking the way to Arendal . The two lighthouses were put on the coat - of - arms for the local municipality of Hisøy in which the lighthouses were located . Over time , both lighthouses were replaced , and the only one still standing is the Lille Torungen Lighthouse , although it is no longer in use . The site of the Store Torungen Lighthouse is accessible only by boat . The island and site is open to the public , the tower is open daily during the summers , and the lighthouse keepers house is available to rent for overnight accommodations .

Lenin was a mushroom ( ) was a highly influential televised hoax by Soviet musician Sergey Kuryokhin and reporter Sergey Sholokhov . It was first broadcast on 17 May 1991 on Leningrad Television . The hoax took the form of an interview on the television program Pyatoe Koleso ( The Fifth Wheel ) . In the interview , Kuryokhin , impersonating a historian , narrated his findings that Vladimir Lenin consumed large quantities of psychedelic mushrooms and eventually became a mushroom himself . Kuryokhin arrived at his conclusion through a long series of logical fallacies and appeals to the authority of various " sources " ( such as Carlos Castaneda , the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , and Konstantin Tsiolkovsky ) , creating the illusion of a reasoned and plausible logical chain . The timing of the hoax played a large role in its success , coming as it did during the Glasnost period when the ebbing of censorship in the Soviet Union led to many revelations about the country 's history , often presented in sensational form . Furthermore , Soviet television had , up to that point , been regarded by its audience as conservative in style and content . As a result , a large number of Soviet citizens ( one estimate puts the number at 11,250,000 audience members ) took the deadpan " interview " at face value , in spite of the absurd claims presented . Sholokhov has said that perhaps the most notable result of the show was an appeal by a group of party members to the Leningrad Regional Committee of the CPSU to clarify the veracity of Kuryokhin 's claim . According to Sholokhov , in response to the request one of the top regional functionaries stated that " Lenin could not have been a mushroom " because " a mammal can not be a plant . " Modern taxonomy classifies mushrooms as fungi , a separate kingdom from plants . The incident has served as a watershed moment in Soviet ( and Russian ) culture and has often been used as proof of the gullibility of the masses .

James Hugh Relfe ( October 17 , 1791 – September 14 , 1863 ) was a U.S. Representative from Missouri . Born in Virginia , Relfe moved to Washington County , Missouri , about 1816 with his father , who settled in Caledonia . He received a limited schooling . He studied medicine and practiced in Caledonia , Missouri . He was appointed a member of the commission to adjust Spanish land claims to fill the vacancy occasioned by the resignation of his brother - in - law , Dr. Lewis F. Linn . He served as member of the State house of representatives 1835 - 1844 . He served in the Black Hawk War . He was appointed United States marshal for the district of Missouri February 17 , 1841 . Relfe was elected as a Democrat to the Twenty - eighth and Twenty - ninth Congresses ( March 4 , 1843 – March 3 , 1847 ) . He continued the practice of medicine in Caledonia , Washington County , Missouri , until his death there September 14 , 1863 . He was interred in the Methodist Cemetery .

President Trump – The Piers Morgan Interview is a one - off television programme that aired on ITV in the United Kingdom on 28 January 2018 . The programme sees journalist and television personality Piers Morgan interviewing Donald Trump , the 45th and current President of the United States . The interview was recorded while Trump was attending the 2018 meeting of the World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland , which took place between 22 January and 25 January 2018 . During the programme , which was watched by 3 million people at 10:00pm ( fewer than the number of viewers watching the rival BBC News at Ten ) , Trump tells Morgan that he " would n't call himself " a feminist , and would have taken a " tougher " approach to Brexit than that of British Prime Minister Theresa May.

The Interim Government of Iran ( ) was the first government established in Iran after the Iranian Revolution , and the first nominal republic established in Iran after 2,500 years of Persian monarchy . The regime was headed by Mehdi Bazargan , one of the members of the Freedom Movement of Iran , and formed on the order of Ruhollah Khomeini ( known as the Ayatollah Khomeini ) on 4 February 1979 . From 4 February to 11 February , Bazargan and Shapour Bakhtiar , the Shah 's last Prime Minister , both claimed to be the legitimate prime minister ; Bakhtiar fled on 11 February . Mehdi Bazargan was the prime minister of the interim government and introduced a seven - member cabinet on 14 February 1979 . Ebrahim Yazdi was elected as the Foreign Minister . The constitution of the Islamic Republic of Iran was adopted by referendum on 24 October 1979 . Before it could come into force on 3 December 1979 , however , the government resigned on 6 November soon after the taking over of the American embassy , an act the government opposed but revolutionary leader Khomeini supported . The Council of the Islamic Revolution then served as the country 's government until the formation of the first Islamic Consultative Assembly on 12 August 1980 . Bazargan was elected to the first Islamic Consultative Assembly representing Tehran .

Smilacaceae , the greenbrier family , is a family of flowering plants . Up to some decades ago the genera now included in family Smilacaceae were often assigned to a more broadly defined family Liliaceae , but for the past twenty to thirty years most botanists have accepted Smilacaceae as a distinct family . It is considered that the two families diverged around 55 millions years ago during the Early Paleogene possibly near the boundary between Paleocene and Eocene . One characteristic that distinguishes Smilacaceae from most of the other members of the Liliaceae - like Liliales is that it has true vessels in its conducting tissue . Another is that the veins of the leaves , between major veins , are reticulate ( net - shaped ) , rather than parallel as in most monocots .

Mpindela Abednego Mazibuko is a member of Ladysmith Black Mambazo , a South African choral group founded in 1960 - and still led - by his cousin Joseph . Abednego was born in Ladysmith , South Africa , and was the youngest of six sons ; the others being Albert , Milton , Funokwakhe , Mehlo , and Joseph Mazibuko . Abednego joined the group in 1974 as a bass singer . Also joining the line - up that year was Joseph 's brother Jockey , whilst Walter Malinga left the line - up the following year . After the death of his brother Milton in 1980 , Abednego remained in the line - up with Albert and has been a full - time member of the group since the early 1980s .

Stilleite is a selenide mineral , zinc selenide , with the formula ZnSe . It has been found only as microscopic gray crystals occurring as inclusions in linnaeite associated with other selenide and sulfides . It was originally discovered in Katanga Province , Zaire in 1956 and is named for the German geologist , Hans Stille ( 1876 – 1966 ) . It has been reported from the Santa Brigida mine , La Rioja Province , Argentina and from Tilkerode ( Abberode ) in the Harz Mountains , Germany . Associated minerals include pyrite , linnaeite , clausthalite , selenian vaesite , molybdenite and dolomite in the Shinkolobwe region of the Congo ) ; and with tiemannite , clausthalite , eucairite , umangite , klockmannite in the Santa Brigida mine , Argentina .

Helgelandsmoen is a village located in Buskerud , Norway . Helgelandsmoen is situated in Hole on the border between Norderhov in Ringerike . The village had 551 residents as of 1 January 2014 , located mainly in the Hole , but extends partially into neighboring Ringerike . The village was the site of Helgelandsmoen Leir , a former military camp . The Army base was established in 1868 to house the 2nd Akershus Infantry Brigade ( Akershusske Infanteribrigade ) . Helgelandsmoen Leir was closed in 2004 . Helgelandsmoen Industrial AS ( Helgelandsmoen Næringspark ) is an industrial park located on the site of the former army camp . The property , which includes a hotel , restaurant , conference and exhibition center , is located beside the Storelva River , about eight kilometers south of Hønefoss .

Regina Hall ( born December 12 , 1970 ) is an American film and television actress and comedian . She is perhaps best known for her lead role as Brenda Meeks in the Scary Movie film series ( 2000 – 2006 ) . Hall , who was an English major in college and studied journalism in graduate school , envisioned a career as a journalist , but ventured into acting in her late twenties . Hall has appeared on numerous television series , most prominently in a recurring role on the comedy series Ally McBeal ( 2001 – 2002 ) . Her other significant films include The Best Man ( 1999 ) and its sequel The Best Man Holiday ( 2013 ) , Love & Basketball ( 2000 ) , Malibu 's Most Wanted ( 2003 ) , Think Like a Man ( 2012 ) and its sequel Think Like a Man Too ( 2014 ) , About Last Night ( 2014 ) , Vacation ( 2015 ) and Girls Trip ( 2017 ) .

Wikiquote is one of a family of wiki - based projects run by the Wikimedia Foundation , running on MediaWiki software . Based on an idea by Daniel Alston and implemented by Brion Vibber , the goal of the project which began as an outgrowth to Wikipedia Famous Quotations is to produce collaboratively a vast reference of quotations from prominent people , books , films , proverbs , etc . and to be as proper as possible in regard to the details of the quotations and also providing the appropriate human reference of the quotation . Though there are many online collections of quotations , Wikiquote is distinguished by being among the few that provide an opportunity for visitors to contribute and the very few which strive to provide exact sources for each quotation as well as corrections of misattributed quotations . Wikiquote pages are cross - linked to articles about the notable personalities on Wikipedia . Initially , the project was created solely in English ; a later expansion to include additional languages was started in July 2004 .

The Monroe Township Public Schools is a comprehensive public school district serving the educational needs of students in kindergarten through twelfth grade from Monroe Township , in Gloucester County , New Jersey , United States . Services are also provided for preschool handicapped students as well as other students with special needs . As of the 2011 - 12 school year , the district 's six schools had an enrollment of 5,921 students and 437.8 classroom teachers ( on an FTE basis ) , for a student – teacher ratio of 13.52:1 . The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group " CD " , the sixth - highest of eight groupings . District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts . From lowest socioeconomic status to highest , the categories are A , B , CD , DE , FG , GH , I and J.

Sverrir Ingi Ingason ( born 5 August 1993 ) is an Icelandic footballer who plays for Russian club FC Rostov and the Icelandic national team , as a central defender . Sverrir previously played for Icelandic club Breiðablik UBK before transferring to Viking FK . After a successful spell at the Norwegian club he moved to Lokeren of Belgium . Since 2014 he has been playing for the Icelandic National team that took part in Icelandic UEFA Euro 2016 which made it to the Quarter - finals of the tournament . He has been touted as one of Iceland 's most promising defenders . Sverrir was an Icelandic youth international , having earned caps at under-18 , under-20 and at the under-21 level . He captained his side at the UEFA Euro Under-21s in 2015 where they lost against Denmark in the play - offs on away goals . He made his full international debut in January 2014 against Sweden .

François Duvalier (; 14 April 190721 April 1971 ) , also known as PapaDoc , was the President of Haiti from 1957 to 1971 . He was elected president in 1957 on a populist and black nationalist platform . After thwarting a military coupd'état in 1958 , his regime rapidly became totalitarian and despotic . An undercover government death squad , the , killed opponents indiscriminately and was thought to be so pervasive that Haitians became highly fearful of expressing dissent even in private . Duvalier further sought to solidify his rule by incorporating elements of ancient Haitian mythology into a personality cult . Prior to his rule , Duvalier was a physician by profession . His profession and expertise in the field acquired him the nickname " PapaDoc " . He was unanimously " re - elected " in a 1961 election in which he was the only candidate . Afterwards , he consolidated his power step by step , culminating in 1964 when he declared himself as President for Life after another faulty election , and remained in power until he died in 1971 . He was succeeded by his son , Jean‑Claude , who was nicknamed " BabyDoc " .

Spring Gulch is a cross - country ski area located on Thompson Creek Road in northwestern Pitkin County , Colorado , six miles west of Carbondale , Colorado , USA . The area is run by the non - profit Mount Sopris Nordic Council for the benefit of community members and visitors . Use of the area is free of cost and limited to cross - country skiing activities . The terrain consists primarily of rolling trails among gambel oak and aspen trees . The area was formed in cooperation with the local cattlemen 's association , which owns the land and uses it for summer grazing . Notable annual events include the Ski for Sisu fundraiser , the Alpine Bank Classic high school Junior Olympic qualifiers , and the Colorado Rocky Mountain School Rat Race . Spring Gulch is the primary training ground for the Nordic team at CRMS .

The Crescent City Connection ( CCC ) , formerly the Greater New Orleans Bridge ( GNO ) , refers to twin cantilever bridges that carry U.S. Highway 90 Business ( US   90 Bus . ) over the Mississippi River in New Orleans , Louisiana , United States . They are tied as the fifth - longest cantilever bridges in the world . Each span carries four general - use automobile lanes ; additionally the westbound span has two reversible HOV lanes across the river . It is the farthest downstream bridge on the Mississippi River . It is also the widest and most heavily traveled bridge on the lower Mississippi ; the only other comparable bridges on the Mississippi are in the St. Louis area , those being the Poplar Street Bridge , the Jefferson Barracks Bridge , and the Stan Musial Veterans Memorial Bridge .

The Ambassador of Australia to Ethiopia and Permanent Representative of Australia to the African Union is an officer of the Australian Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade and the head of the Embassy of the Commonwealth of Australia to the Federal Democratic Republic of Ethiopia . The position has the rank and status of an Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary , holds non - resident accreditation for Djibouti and South Sudan ( since 2011 ) and acts as Australia 's Permanent Representative to the African Union Commission . The Ambassador is currently Mark Sawers . Ethiopia and Australia have enjoyed diplomatic relations since 1965 when Australia sent Walter Crocker to be High Commissioner to Kenya in Nairobi , with accreditation to Uganda and Ethiopia . Relations with Ethiopia from that time were dealt with by the High Commission in Kenya until 1984 when an embassy was opened in Addis Ababa , with representation to the Organisation of African Unity . This embassy was closed a few years later in 1987 due to budget cuts however and accreditation returned to the High Commission in Nairobi . On 8 September 2010 , Lisa Filipetto was appointed as the first resident Ambassador to Ethiopia since 1987 .

The Missile Defense Agency ( MDA ) has its origins in the Strategic Defense Initiative ( SDI ) which was established in 1983 by Ronald Reagan which was headed by Lt . General James Alan Abrahamson . Under the Strategic Defense Initiative 's Innovative Sciences and Technology Office headed by physicist and engineer Dr. James Ionson , the investment was predominantly made in basic research at national laboratories , universities , and in industry . These programs have continued to be key sources of funding for top research scientists in the fields of high - energy physics , supercomputing / computation , advanced materials , and many other critical science and engineering disciplines — funding which indirectly supports other research work by top scientists , and which was most politically viable to fund within the Military budget of the United States environment . It was renamed the Ballistic Missile Defense Organization in 1993 , and then renamed the Missile Defense Agency in 2002 . The current commander is U.S. Air Force Lt . Gen. Samuel A. Greaves . Rapid changes in the strategic environment due to the rapid Dissolution of the Soviet Union led , in 1993 , to Bill Clinton focusing on theater ballistic missiles and similar threats , and renaming it the Ballistic Missile Defense Organization , BMDO . With another change to a more global focus made by George W. Bush , in 2003 the organization became the Missile Defense Agency . The Missile Defense Agency is partially or wholly responsible for the development of several ballistic missile defense ( BMD ) systems , including the Patriot PAC-3 , Aegis BMD , THAAD and the Ground - Based Midcourse Defense system . They also led the development of numerous other projects , including the Multiple Kill Vehicle and the newer Multi - Object Kill Vehicle , the Kinetic Energy Interceptor and the Airborne Laser . As the inheritor of the SDI and BMDO work , the MDA continues to fund fundamental research in high - energy physics , supercomputing / computation , advanced materials , and many other science and engineering disciplines .

Pioneer Coal Limited is a Canadian mining company based in Antigonish , Nova Scotia . It was founded in 1980 by John Chisholm , owner of Nova Construction Company Limited . The company currently operates two open pit coal mines : Stellarton Surface Coal Mine , located in Stellarton , Nova Scotia Point Aconi Surface Coal Mine , located in Point Aconi , Nova Scotia Both open pit mines are operated as reclamation mines in areas which used to have underground mining operations . After surface mining has been completed , the land is reclaimed for other uses . The Stellarton mine is slated to cease operating in 2019 . In 2014 the company began a feasibility study to evaluate an additional surface coal mine near Springhill , Nova Scotia .

Societatea Națională de Gaze Naturale Romgaz SA Mediaș ( SNGN Romgaz SA ) or simply Romgaz is the largest natural gas producer in Romania and one of the largest in Eastern Europe . The company is responsible for producing around 40 % of the total natural gas consumption in Romania . Its majority stockholder is the Government of Romania , which owns 70.01 % . Fondul Proprietatea owns 14.99 % , while the remaining 15 % is owned by various shareholders . The company is specialised in geological research for the discovery of hydrocarbons , production , storage , commercialization and the supply of natural gas and natural gas condensate . Romgaz is structured into six branches : two production branches located in Târgu Mureș and Mediaș , one underground storage branch located in Ploieşti , a special operations branch located in Mediaş , a maintenance branch located in Târgu Mureș and one international office located in Bratislava , Slovakia .

Make You Happy is a compilation album by Australian rock band Divinyls , which was released on October 21 , 1997 . It consists of material spanning from 1981 to 1993 including the hits " Boys in Town " , " Science Fiction " , " Pleasure and Pain " and their number - one signature song " I Touch Myself " . The album 's name comes from " I 'll Make You Happy " , the B - side of " Science Fiction " and a cover version of the 1960s track by The Easybeats . Track 20 , " Love in Motion " , is a 1992 rerecording of Icehouse 's 1981 single with Divinyls ' Christina Amphlett featuring on co - lead vocals . Despite being released in 1997 , this compilation did not include recordings from the band 's 1996 album Underworld .

Björk Digital is an “ immersive ” virtual reality exhibit by Icelandic musician Björk featuring 360-degree VR music videos from her eighth studio album , Vulnicura . The exhibit debuted at Carriageworks in Sydney , Australia as part of the Vivid Sydney festival on 4 June 2016 and has traveled across the globe to Tokyo , London , Mexico City , Los Angeles , and other cities around the globe . Originally announced as an 18 month tour , the exhibit ran for just over 2 years . Björk has promoted the traveling exhibit with a series of opening night DJ sets and intimate , orchestral , strings - only concerts , premiering at London ’s famous Royal Albert Hall on 21 September 2016 . Her debut at the Walt Disney Concert Hall , with the Los Angeles Philharmonic Orchestra , took place on 30 May 2017 . Björk Digital is expected to be released on a wide variety of VR platforms as well as Apple and Android devices . The release date has not yet been announced .

Aleksandr Solomonovich Khakhanov ( ) born Aleksandre Khakhanashvili ( ) ( January 3 , 1864 – May 25 , 1912 ) was a Georgian - Russian historian , archaeologist , and one of the most acclaimed scholars of Georgian literature . He was born in Gori , Georgia , then part of Imperial Russia , and studied at Tbilisi Gymnasium . Having graduated from Moscow University in 1888 , he delivered lectures on Georgian language and literature at Lazarev Institute of Oriental Languages since 1889 and at Moscow University since 1900 . He authored numerous works on Georgian history and literature , including the resonant Очерки по истории грузинской словесности ( " Studies in the History of Georgian Literature " ) , published in Russian from 1895 to 1907 . Khakhanov translated several pieces of Georgian written and oral literature into Russian , and conducted extensive research in Georgia , Italy , France and England to reveal old Georgian manuscripts . In 1900 , he published Histoire de Géorgie ( " History of Georgia " ) in French . Khakhanov was elected to Moscow Imperial Archeological Society ( 1901 ) , Georgian Historic and Ethnographic Society ( 1907 ) , etc .

The First Empire of Haiti (; Haitian Creole : Anpi an Ayiti ) was an elective monarchy in North America . Haiti was controlled by France before declaring independence on January 1 , 1804 . The Governor - General of Haiti , Jean - Jacques Dessalines , created the empire on September 22 , 1804 . Proclaiming himself Emperor Jacques I , he held his coronation ceremony on October 6 . The constitution of May 20 , 1805 set out the way the empire was to be governed , with the country split into six military divisions . The general of each division corresponded directly with the emperor , or the general in chief appointed by the emperor . The constitution also set out the succession to the throne , with the crown being elective and the reigning emperor having the power to appoint his successor . The constitution also banned white people , with the exception of naturalised Germans and Poles , from owning property inside the empire . Emperor Jacques I was assassinated on October 17 , 1806 . Two members of his administration , Alexandre Pétion and Henri Christophe , then assumed power , which led to a split in the country with Pétion leading the southern Republic of Haiti and Christophe leading the northern State of Haiti . Some 43 years later , on August 26 , 1849 , President Faustin Soulouque re - established an Empire in Haiti that lasted until January 15 , 1859 .

Lake Abitibi ( ) is a lake in northeastern Ontario and western Quebec , Canada . The lake , which lies within the vast Clay Belt , is separated in two distinct portions by a short narrows , making it actually 2 lakes . Its total area is 931   km² , and net area 903   km² . The lake is shallow and studded with islands . Its shores and vicinity are covered with small timber . Its outlet is the Abitibi River , a tributary the Moose River , which empties into James Bay . The lake takes its name from the river . " Abitibi " comes from the Algonquin words abitah , meaning middle and nipi meaning water , possibly a reference to its geographic location between the Harricana ( from the Algonquin word Nanikana , meaning " the main way " ) to the east and the Kapuskasing – Mattagami river system to the west .

Baltimore has been described by some as " Charm City , " by others as " Bodymore , Murderland . " F. Scott Fitzgerald , who lived there for five years in the 1930s , wrote of it , " I belong here , where everything is civilized and gay and rotted and polite . " A recent listing of ten best movies set in Baltimore includes works by Baltimore natives such as Anne Tyler , John Waters , and Barry Levinson . Filmmakers explained their choice of Baltimore as a setting for the 2009 movie He 's Just Not That Into You because " We were trying to think of an American urban city that did n't feel like you 'd seen it a million times before , " and " We wanted something like , not exactly every - small - town U.S.A. , but every - urban - young - center U.S.A. , so we could all see ourselves in these people . "

Ilkka Heikki Herlin ( born 25 January 1959 ) is a Finnish billionaire , the chairman and one of the owners of Cargotec , and one of the owners of the elevator and escalator maker Kone . His father Pekka Herlin died in 2003 , and it was discovered that he had rewritten his will in 1999 , leaving most of the elevator and escalator maker Kone to Ilkka 's brother Antti Herlin . Ilkka and his siblings Ilona and Niklas were unhappy about not being informed , and the dispute finally ended in 2005 . The Kone company was split , with Antti receiving a majority stake in its core elevator business . Ilkka and his siblings received a majority of Cargotec and a minority stake in the new Kone company . All four siblings became billionaires . Herlin is married , with four children , and lives in Helsinki , Finland .

Giacomo Bulgarelli ( 24 October 1940 – 12 February 2009 ) was an Italian international footballer who played as a midfielder . Regarded as one of Italy 's greatest ever midfielders , Bulgarelli spent his entire club career with Italian side Bologna , where he also served as the team 's captain ; an important figure with the club , he is the team 's record all - time appearance holder , and won the Serie A title with the Bolognese side in 1964 , among other trophies . Following his retirement , he had a brief spell in America with the Hartford Bicentennials in 1975 , and later also had a successful career as football commentator in the 90s . At international level , Bulgarelli represented Italy at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome , where the team finished in fourth place , and in two FIFA World Cups ; he made his senior international debut at the 1962 edition of the tournament , and marked the occasion with two goals , becoming Italy 's youngest ever World Cup goalscorer . He was also a member of the Italian side that won UEFA Euro 1968 .

The President , Directors , and Company , of the Bank of North America , commonly known as the Bank of North America , was a private bank first adopted on May 26 , 1781 by the Confederation Congress , chartered on December 31 , 1781 and opened in Philadelphia on January 7 , 1782 . It was based upon a plan presented by US Superintendent of Finance Robert Morris on May 17 , 1781 that created the Nation 's first de facto central bank . When shares in the bank were sold to the public , the Bank of North America became the country 's first initial public offering . It was succeeded in its role as central bank by the First Bank of the United States in 1791 .

Love Story is the second studio album by American rapper Yelawolf . It was released on April 21 , 2015 , by Interscope Records , Shady Records and Slumerican . The album was described by Yelawolf as a more passionate album than his debut album . Recording process took place primarily in Nashville , Tennessee from 2012 to 2015 . The production on the album was handled by Yelawolf himself , along with Eminem ( who also served as the executive producer ) , Malay and WLPWR , among others . The album was influenced by aspects of country and rock . Love Story was supported by five singles : " Box Chevy V " , " Till It 's Gone " , " Whiskey in a Bottle " , " American You " and " Best Friend " featuring Eminem . Love Story received generally positive reviews from critics , who praised the album 's emotional feel as well as its ambition and production , but criticized its length . The album debuted at number three on the US Billboard 200 , selling 51,000 copies in its first week .

The Houston Texans are a professional American football team based in Houston , Texas . The Texans compete in the National Football League ( NFL ) as a member club of the American Football Conference ( AFC ) South division . The team plays its home games at NRG Stadium . The club first played in as an expansion team , making them the youngest franchise currently competing in the NFL . The Texans replaced the city 's previous NFL franchise , the Houston Oilers , which moved to Nashville , Tennessee and are now known as the Tennessee Titans . The team 's majority owner is Bob McNair . While the team mainly struggled in the 2000s , they would find success in the 2011 season , after clinching their first playoff berth and would go on to win their first division championship . The Texans would go on to win three more AFC South championships in 2012 , 2015 , and 2016 . To date , the Texans are the only NFL franchise to have never played in a conference championship game .

Hawkes Heights is an ice - filled crater rising to that dominates the southern part of Coulman Island , in the Ross Sea , Antarctica , and marks the island 's summit . The feature was named by the New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition ( NZGSAE ) , 1958–59 , for Captain William M. Hawkes , U.S. Navy , who took a leading part in early air operations from Williams Field near McMurdo Station , including long range photo reconnaissance and supply flights , and the first air landing at the South Pole . He was commander of one of the two planes which made the historic first flight from Christchurch to McMurdo Station on December 17 , 1955 . His air photos proved of great value to two NZGSAE parties to this part of Victoria Land . Mount Hawkes is also named for Hawkes , who was assigned to Air Development Squadron Six ( VX-6 ) in 1955 – 56 .

Läkerol is a Swedish brand of candies currently produced by Cloetta . The candies are sugar- and calorie - free pastilles with the major ingredient being gum arabic . The candies are produced in a variety of flavors . Läkerol was founded by Adolf Ahlgren in 1909 and , due to which , most Läkerol candies are stamped with the imprint of the letter " A " . The name " Läkerol " comes from the Swedish word " läka " , which means " heal " . In the 1980s , Björn Borg did a series of advertisements for Läkerol . Läkerol 's primary markets are the Scandinavian areas of northern Europe and Finland , after that Switzerland , The Netherlands , Belgium , Singapore , and Hong Kong .

La Conexión ( English : Connection ) is a mixtape recorded by Puerto Rican - American girl group Nina Sky . It was released on October 21 , 2005 in United States and four days later worldwide through La Conexión Music and Traffic Records , one year after their debut self - titled studio album . It features appearances by musicians such as N.O.R.E. , Tony Touch , B - Real , Ivy Queen , Pitbull , Lil Jon , Richie Rivera , Mackie y Yaga , Aventura and Notch . Special edition of the album was also released in October 2005 . It contained one bonus track and an exclusive bonus DVD . The duo said that they gave the album title La Conexión because they feel connection to Latin music and culture , Puerto Rican food , Spanish language etc . while embracing their Puerto Rican roots . La Conexión failed to chart anywhere , but its lead single " Play That Song " ( Tony Touch featuring Nina Sky and B - Real ) was success . La Conexión was produced by twins themselves , Mysto & Pizzi , DJ Sonic and DJ Blass .

Nallari Kiran Kumar Reddy ( born 13 September 1960 ) is an Indian politician who served as the Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh . He was the last Chief Minister of the United Andhra Pradesh before the formation of the Telangana state on June 2 , 2014 . Nallari Kiran Kumar Reddy was sworn in as the 16th Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh on 25 November 2010 . A four - time Member of the Legislative Assembly in Andhra Pradesh , he was a leader of the Indian National Congress party before resigning from it in February 2014 over the creation of Telangana state . Concurrently Reddy also submitted his resignation from the chief ministership to Governor E. S. L. Narasimhan ; the latter accepted the resignation , but asked Reddy to continue as caretaker chief minister . President 's Rule was imposed in the state on 1 March 2014 . On March 10 , 2014 he floated his new political outfit called Jai Samaikyandhra Party .

Jungle Rules is the second studio album by Moroccan - American rapper French Montana . It was released on July 14 , 2017 by Coke Boys , Bad Boy and Epic Records . The album succeeds his mixtape MC4 ( 2016 ) , which was originally intended to be his second studio album . It features guest appearances from Future , Travis Scott , The Weeknd , Young Thug , Pharrell Williams , Quavo , T.I. , Swae Lee , Marc E. Bassy , Chinx and Max B , among others . Production derives from frequent collaborator Harry Fraud , as well as Scott Storch , Detail , London on da Track , Mike Will Made It and others . The album was supported by the singles " No Pressure " featuring Future and " Unforgettable " featuring Swae Lee . Jungle Rules received generally positive reviews from critics . It debuted at number three on the US Billboard 200 , selling 52,000 copies in its first week . In October 2017 , the album was certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) .

" La Bicicleta " ( ) is a song by Colombian singers Carlos Vives and Shakira from Vives ' fifteenth studio album Vives ( 2017 ) and is also included as an album track on Shakira 's eleventh studio album El Dorado ( 2017 ) . The song was written by both singers , and produced by Andrés Castro and it marks Shakira 's first collaboration with a fellow Colombian artist . " La Bicicleta " was intended to be representative of both singers ' homelands musical styles in Colombia . It is a song with a mixture of various musical elements - vallenato , pop and cumbia and instrumentally , it features indigenous Colombian wind instruments and accordions . Lyrically , it is a nostalgic song , describing the duo 's stroll with a bike in places of their childhood . Music critics reviewed the song positively , praising it for its catchiness and inclusion of various Colombian music elements . The song won two Latin Grammy Awards at the 17th Latin Grammy Awards for Song of the Year and Record of the Year . Upon its release , the single managed to peak within the top ten on numerous Billboard Latin charts , including No . 2 on the Hot Latin Songs and one on Latin Pop Airplay . A music video for " La Bicicleta " was filmed on 19 May 2016 in Barranquilla and Santa Marta under the direction of Jaume de Laiguana . The clip premiered on 8 July 2016 and it features Shakira and Vives traveling with bikes along the Caribbean coast of Colombia , visiting their hometowns Santa Marta and Barranquilla and engaging with locals in dance battles . Upon its release it was positively received by critics due to its playful nature and accurate representation of Colombian culture . The visual received the Video of the Year award at the Premio lo Nuestro in 2017 . A remix version of " La Bicicleta " featuring new verses sung by Colombian singer Maluma was uploaded online on 19 August 2016 .

Manfred Gnjidic is a lawyer in Germany . In 2004 he was employed by Khalid El - Masri , a German citizen who was subjected to extraordinary rendition by the CIA in the years past . Gnjidic helped El - Masri launch a lawsuit against George Tenet and other Americans he alleges were involved in his rendition . On December 8 , 2005 , following a meeting with United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , German Chancellor Angela Merkel announced that Dr Rice had privately acknowledged that El - Masri had been captured and transported in error . Rice then offered her account , that she had merely acknowledged that the United States had made some errors , without acknowledging that El - Masri 's rendition was an instance of those errors . Gnjidic has announced his intention to subpoena Merkel to testify in El - Masri 's lawsuit . He also represents Aleem Nasir , a German citizen interrogated by Pakistani , American and British intelligence agents during a two - month - long extrajudicial detention in Pakistan . Gnjidic is investigating whether information gained under coercion during these interrogations may have been used to initiate a German investigation of Nasir .

Susannah Maria Cibber ( February 1714 – 30 January 1766 ) , also known as Susannah Maria Arne , was a celebrated English singer and actress and the sister of the composer Thomas Arne . Although she began her career as a soprano , her voice lowered in the early part of her career to that of a true contralto . She was universally admired for her ability to move her audiences emotionally both as an actress and vocalist . Possessing a sweet , expressive , and agile singing voice with a wide vocal range , Cibber was an immensely popular singer , even if at times her voice was criticized for a lack of polished technique . Charles Burney wrote of her singing that " by a natural pathos , and perfect conception of the words , she often penetrated the heart , when others , with infinitely greater voice and skill , could only reach the ear . " Cibber was particularly admired by Handel , who wrote numerous parts especially for her including the contralto arias in his 1741 oratorio Messiah , the role of Micah in Samson , the role of Lichas in Hercules and the role of David in Saul among others . In the mid-1730s she began appearing in plays in addition to appearing in operas and oratorios . She became the greatest dramatic actress of the eighteenth - century London stage and at the time of her death was the highest - paid actress in England .

Jesús de la Rosa ( born August 5 , 1953 ) is a former professional baseball player whose career extended from 1969 through 1980 . He appeared as a pinch hitter in three games in August in Major League Baseball for the Houston Astros , collecting one hit in three at bats , a double off Pete Falcone of the San Francisco Giants in the ninth inning of a 5–4 defeat at Candlestick Park on August 3 . He advanced to third , then scored his only MLB run on a sacrifice fly by Enos Cabell . De la Rosa stood tall and weighed ; he threw and batted right - handed . In minor league baseball , de la Rosa was an outfielder , first baseman and third baseman . He appeared in 793 games , mostly in the Astro farm system . He is the stepfather of former MLB outfielder Danny Bautista .

Carlos Moscardini ( born 1959 ) is an Argentine composer and guitarist . He is professor of tango guitar at the Gilardo Gilardi Conservatory of Music and [ Manuel de Falla ] Conservatory of music in Buenos Aires . Moscardini was born in Lomas de Zamora , in the Gran Buenos Aires metropolitan area . After winning the Soloist Prize for guitar at the first New Popular Music Meeting in his province , he recorded his first solo album , El corazon manda , on Epsa records . The album features compositions of his own and arrangements of famous Argentine folk music . His work won him the public admiration of the guitarist Juan Falù . Carlos Moscardini has performed throughout Argentina , Chile , Brazil , Norway , Sweden , Belgium , Denmark and Germany . He has played with the band Nan at the Montreal Jazz Festival . In Japan , he performed over 50 concerts as The History of the Tango . The Buenos Aires Teatro San Martin appointed him composer and arranger . He has lectured on the interpretation of Argentine music at the Norges Musikhögskole in Oslo , at the Royal Danish Academy of Music in Copenhagen , and at the Académie de musique in Ghent .

Abdul Qadeer Khan , (; ; born 1935 or 1936 ) , known as A. Q. Khan , is a Pakistani nuclear physicist and a metallurgical engineer , who founded the uranium enrichment program for Pakistan 's atomic bomb project . AQ Khan founded and established the Kahuta Research Laboratories ( KRL ) in 1976 , serving as both its senior scientist and Chairman until he retired in 2001 . Khan was also a figure in other Pakistani national science projects , making research contributions to molecular morphology , the physics of martensite alloys , condensed matter physics , and materials physics . In January 2004 , the Pakistani government summoned Khan for a debriefing on his active role in nuclear weapons technology proliferation in other countries after the United States provided evidence of it to the Pakistanis . Khan formally admitted his responsibility for these activities a month later . The Pakistani government dismisses allegations that Pakistani authorities sanctioned Khan 's activities . After years of official house arrest during and following his debriefing , the Islamabad High Court ( IHC ) on 6 February 2009 declared Abdul Qadeer Khan to be a free citizen of Pakistan , allowing him free movement inside the country . The verdict was rendered by Chief Justice Sardar Muhammad Aslam . In September 2009 , concerned because the decision also ended all security restrictions on Khan , the United States warned that Khan still remained a " serious proliferation risk " .

The Chaco National Park ( ) is a national park of Argentina , located in the province of Chaco . It has an area of 150   km . It was created in 1954 in order to protect a sample of the Eastern Chaco , composed mainly of warm lowlands , with an annual summer rainfall between 750 and 1,300   mm . This park is a protected area for the quebracho trees . Forests of quebracho colorado chaqueño ( Schinopsis balansae ) were once located in the north of Santa Fe and the western half of Chaco , and had entered the northeast region of the province of Corrientes . Its strong wood and its abundant tannin caused it to be over - exploited for a century . The area harbors several environments : scrubland , savanna , swamps , and small lakes . The scrubland is the habitat of the red quebracho ( Schinopsis lorentzii ) , white quebracho ( Aspidosperma quebracho - blanco ) , algarrobo ( Prosopis alba ) , and lapacho ( Tabebuia spp . ) , all of which are commercially valuable species . The fauna includes large predators such as cougars . In the lakes one finds yacare caimans and capybaras . Elsewhere there are armadillos , South American tapirs and plains viscachas , as well as birds ( more than 340 species ) . The fauna also includes the black howler monkey ( Alouatta caraya ) . Indigenous communities of the Mocoví and Toba peoples are found in the protected area .

Lament is a studio album by German band Einstürzende Neubauten , released on 7 November 2014 . The album is a studio reconstruction of a performance piece commissioned by the Belgian town of Diksmuide to commemorate the outbreak of World War I. Among the album 's pieces are an opening track featuring lyrics that are not sung , but intended to be read by the audience . The track " The Willy - Nicky Telegrams " is a duet between Alexander Hacke , playing Russian Tsar Nicholas II , and Blixa Bargeld , as Kaiser Wilhelm of Germany , discussing the diplomatic manoeuvring that lead to war via telegram exchange . The two royals , first cousins by marriage , referred to one another as " Willy " and " Nicky " . The performance also includes two songs written by James Reese Europe , musical director of the United States ' 369th Infantry Regiment , also known as the Harlem Hellfighters .

The Yale Center for the Study of Globalization , or YCSG , is a research center at Yale University at New Haven , Connecticut . It was established in 2001 in order to " enrich the debate about globalization on campus and to promote the flow of ideas between Yale and the policy world " . The current director is Ernesto Zedillo , president of Mexico from 1994 to 2000 . Its current sponsors include William Henry Draper III , the William and Flora Hewlett Foundation , and the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation . The program 's main offices are located in Betts House , a university - owned mansion in the Prospect Hill Historic District . From 2001 to 2013 , the organization published YaleGlobal Online , an online magazine that explores globalization and implications of growing global interconnectedness in economics , security , trade , politics and the environment . Since 2013 , the MacMillan Center at Yale has published YaleGlobal .

Kilju Ch'ŏngnyŏn Station is a railway station in Kilju - ŭp , Kilju county , North Hamgyŏng province , North Korea . It is the junction point of the Paektusan Ch'ŏngnyŏn and P'yŏngra lines of the Korean State Railway . Originally called Kilju Station ( Chosŏn'gŭl : 길주역 ; Hanja : 吉州駅 ) , the station , along with the rest of the Kilju - Hapsu section , was opened by the Government Railways of Chosen ( ) on 1 November 1933 . On 9 October 2006 an underground nuclear test was conducted at P'unggye - ri in Kilju County , causing the closure of the line for 3–4 months . There is a pulp mill and a plywood factory in Kilju that receive raw logs via trains from the Paektusan Ch'ŏngnyŏn line .

Zakhar ( ) is a given name . Notable people with the name include : Zakhar Arzamastsev ( born 1992 ) , Russian ice hockey player Zakhar Bron ( born 1947 ) , Russian violinist and violin pedagogue of Jewish descent Zakhar Chernyshyov ( 1722 – 1784 ) , Russian Field Marshal in charge of the College of War from 1763 to 1774 Zakhar Dubensky ( born 1978 ) , association football midfielder from Russia Zakhar Kalashov , notorious gangster and thief in law in the Russian - Georgian Mafia Zakhar May ( born 1969 ) , modern Russian musician , author of many hits Zakhar Pashutin ( born 1974 ) , Russian professional basketball coach and former player Zakhar Prilepin ( born 1975 ) , Russian writer , political dissident , member of Russia 's unregistered National Bolshevik Party since 1996

Le Pays Réel ( French ; literally " The Real Country " ) was a Catholic - Fascist newspaper published by the Rexist Party in Belgium . Its first issue appeared on 3 May 1936 and it continued to be published during the Second World War . It was briefly edited by Victor Matthys . While the Pays Réel remained the main paper of Rex , it remained just one of several published by the group , or subsumed under Rexist control , during the war . The newspaper 's title derives from the writings of Charles Maurras , a French nationalist , who distinguished between a pays réel , rooted in the realities of life such as locality , work , trades , the parish and the family , and a pays légal ( " legal country " ) of law , constitutionalism , and liberal political ideals which he cast as artificially imposed on the " real " .

The Turn of the Screw is an 1898 horror novella by Henry James that first appeared in serial format in Collier 's Weekly magazine ( January 27 – April 16 , 1898 ) . In October 1898 it appeared in The Two Magics , a book published by Macmillan in New York City and Heinemann in London . Classified as both gothic fiction and a ghost story , the novella focuses on a governess who , caring for two children at a remote estate , becomes convinced that the grounds are haunted . In the century following its publication , The Turn of the Screw became a cornerstone text of academics who subscribed to New Criticism . The novella has had differing interpretations , often mutually exclusive . Many critics have tried to determine the exact nature of the evil hinted at by the story . However , others have argued that the brilliance of the novella results from its ability to create an intimate sense of confusion and suspense within the reader . The novella has been adapted numerous times in radio drama , film , stage , and television , including a 1950 Broadway play , and the 1961 film The Innocents .

Buckinghamia celsissima , commonly known as the ivory curl , is a species of trees , constituting part of the plant family Proteaceae . They grow naturally only ( endemic ) in the wet tropics rainforests areas of north eastern Queensland , Australia . The species was described in 1868 by Ferdinand von Mueller in honour of Richard Grenville , 3rd Duke of Buckingham , from a collection of material made by John Dallachy near Rockingham Bay on 11 January 1865 . Its specific epithet is Latin for " very tall " . Common names include ivory curl flower and spotted silky oak . Buckinghamia celsissima reaches tall in its natural rainforest habitat , but is much smaller , reaching tall , in Australian east coast gardens . Glossy dark green above and whitish below , the leaves are quite variable . Juvenile leaves have one or more lobes while adult leaves are simple and entire , measuring long by wide . The white flower spikes appear over summer and autumn . Terminal and showy , these are drooping racemes up to in length . Flowers are followed by the development of woody follicles , long . In the wild they are found more frequently in drier rainforest from altitudes of above sea level . They often grow with kauri pine ( Agathis robusta ) . The species is grown widely in Brisbane and thrives in Sydney and Melbourne , yet is shy to flower in Cairns . Frosts render it difficult to grow in Canberra . It can be propagated from seeds or cuttings of hardened new growth . Its flowerheads attract birds and insects .

The geology of Zimbabwe in southern Africa is centred on the Zimbabwe Craton , a core of Archean basement composed in the main of granitoids , schist and gneisses . It also incorporates greenstone belts comprising mafic , ultramafic and felsic volcanics which are associated with epiclastic sediments and iron formations . The craton is overlain in the north , northwest and east by Proterozoic and Phanerozoic sedimentary basins whilst to the northwest are the rocks of the Magondi Supergroup . Northwards is the Zambezi Belt and to the east the Mozambique Belt . South of the Zimbabwe Craton is the Kaapval Craton separated from it by the Limpopo Mobile Belt , a zone of deformation and metamorphism reflecting geological events from Archean to Mesoproterozoic times . The Zimbabwe Craton is intruded by an elongate ultramafic / mafic igneous complex known as the Great Dyke which runs for more than 500   km along a SSW / NNE oriented graben . It consists of peridotites , pyroxenites , norites and bands of chromitite .

Close Combat : First to Fight is a squad - based military first - person shooter video game created by Destineer Studios for Microsoft Windows , Macintosh and Xbox . It was released in April 2005 . The player commands a fireteam of three U.S. Marines in a realistic fictional , scenario where the United Nations sends Marines into Lebanon when their Prime Minister falls ill and Syria and Iran send forces to bolster certain factions . The game features a psychological model for every AI character , including enemies , civilians , and team members . No two games should play the same due to the variability of the simulated human reaction to stress . It was designed with input from active - duty and retired Marines from 3rd Battalion 1st Marines , who recently participated in combat around Fallujah , Iraq during Operation Phantom Fury that became known as the Second Battle of Fallujah . The game was later ported to the Wii as Marines : Modern Urban Combat .

Georg Klindworth , born Johann Georg Heinrich Klindworth on 16 April 1798 in Göttingen , Germany , was a nineteenth - century German diplomat and intelligence agent employed by several European leaders and princes . He was a political exile from the 1848 upheavals , who had worked as a theater agent for two years , later as a lawyer and also as a statesman . He was for many times described as one of the most influential secret diplomats of his time , from the Congress of Vienna to the time of Bismarck . Klindworth 's " illegitimate " daughter Agnes Street - Klindworth ( 1825 – 1906 ) was a lover of the musician Franz Liszt with whom she had a vast letter correspondence . In political literature , Georg Klindworth is characterized as " an important political secret agent of international reputation " and also as " a man of extraordinary ability , enterprise , amorality and ubiquity " . Georg Klindworth died in a suburb of Paris in January 1882 .

Brian Malzard Foss ( 25 October 1921 – 23 December 1997 ) was a British psychologist . Brian Foss was an academic psychologist . He was born in Whittlesey , Cambridgeshire on 25 October 1921 . He died in London on 23 December 1997 . His academic career began in 1948 as a lecturer at Institute of Experimental Psychology at University of Oxford , where he stayed until 1951 . Following that he served as a lecturer at Birkbeck College , London from 1951 - 1964 . He became Professor of Educational Psychology at Institute of Education , London from 1964 - 1968 , and Professor of Psychology at Bedford College , London from 1968 – 85 , Royal Holloway and at Bedford New College , London from 1985 - 1987 .

Return of Saturn is the fourth studio album by American rock band No Doubt , released on April 11 , 2000 by Trauma Records and Interscope Records . It marked the band 's first album as a quartet , following the departure of original keyboardist Eric Stefani in 1994 . After touring for two and a half years to promote their breakthrough third studio album , Tragic Kingdom , No Doubt wrote several dozen songs for its follow - up and eventually settled on working with producer Glen Ballard . Creating the album became a tumultuous process lasting two years , during which there was dissension among band members and between the band and its label . The album was completed after the band returned to the studio and recorded what became two of the album 's singles . The album maintains the ska punk and reggae influences of the band 's previous work , but with slower , more ballad - like songs . The lyrics to many of the songs describe singer Gwen Stefani 's pining for a more domestic life , contrasting that with her commitment to a music career . Upon release , Return of Saturn received favorable reviews from music critics , although several of them were divided over its different sound to its predecessor . It debuted at number two on the Billboard 200 but was unable to measure up to the sales of Tragic Kingdom . The album spawned four singles , only one of which charted on the Billboard Hot 100 . At the 43rd Grammy Awards , Return of Saturn was nominated for Best Rock Album .

The Mongol invasion of Europe from the east took place over the course of three centuries , from the Middle Ages to the early modern period . The terms Tatars or Tartars are applied to nomadic Mongolic peoples who , themselves , were conquered by Mongols and incorporated into their horde . They were mainly composed of Kipchaks - Cuman people . Mongol - Tatar Golden Horde forces led by Batu Khan , ( a grandson of Genghis Khan ) , began attacking Europe in 1223 , starting with Cumans , Volga Bulgaria and Kievan Rus . They destroyed many Rus cities including Kiev , Vladimir and Moscow in the process , sparing Novgorod and Pskov however . They originally planned to continue all the way to the shores of the " Great Sea " ( Atlantic Ocean ) . However , upon learning of the death of Ögedei Khan ( third son of Genghis Khan , uncle of Batu Khan ) in 1241 they returned eastwards to their steppe homelands . This , it could be argued , saved the rest of Europe from suffering the catastrophes that befell the armies and towns of Poland and Hungary , although over - stretched lines of communication and the lack of vast open tracts of pasture land might well have proved the undoing of such a venture .

Helsingborg Municipality ( Helsingborgs kommun ) is a municipality in Skåne County in Sweden . Its seat is located in the city of Helsingborg , which is Sweden 's eighth largest city . The municipality had a population of 132,011 on January 1 , 2013 , and the population is increasing with roughly 1500 people annually . Between 1912 and 1971 the name of the town was officially spelled Hälsingborg ( rather like the region of Hälsingland but unlike neighbouring Danish Helsingør and the Finnish capital Helsingfors ( Helsinki ) ) . The spelling was changed back to the older version when the present municipality was created in 1971 through the amalgamation of the Town of Hälsingborg with four surrounding rural municipalities . Since the 1990s the municipality again styles itself Helsingborgs stad ( Town of Helsingborg ) . This usage is only nominal and has no effect on the status of the municipality .

Washington County Community College ( WCCC ) is a community college located in Calais , Washington County , Maine . The college is situated on a hillside overlooking the St. Croix River Valley at the edge of a campus of mature woods and fields . WCCC is one of seven community colleges in the Maine Community College System . Founded in 1969 , Washington County Community College ( WCCC ) offers associate degree programs in arts , sciences , and applied sciences , as well as diploma and certificates . In addition , the College offers business and job skills training courses and programs , personal enrichment classes , community services , and programs for high school students and seniors . The Liberal Studies program offers students the opportunity to obtain their first two years of a baccalaureate credential at WCCC before transferring to another college or university . WCCC has a number of program articulation agreements with four - year institutions throughout the state to assist students to transfer upon meeting the necessary course requirements . Washington Weekly magazine named WCCC the 24th best community college in America in 2013 . The Aspen Institute named WCCC the 11th best community college in America in 2011 .

Lao Central Airlines Public Company , operating as Lao Central Airlines , was an airline in Laos with its head office in Wattayyaithong Village , Sikhottabong District , Vientiane . The airline was founded in 2010 , and ceased operations in 2014 . It was the first private airline in Laos and offered premium and budget seats . The name change from Phongsavanh Airlines to Lao Central Airlines was meant to raise awareness for the airline as Lao - owned in international market . The airline is owned by the Phongsavanh group , a Lao company engaged in international trading , timber , hospitality , telecommunications , banking , and security products and services . The airline hired PricewaterhouseCoopers for management consultancy services to ensure adherence to international aviation standards . The airline was the second biggest among Lao airline operators in terms of fleet size .

Friedrich Gottlob Uhlemann ( 26 November 1792 in Zeitz – 19 April 1864 ) was a German Protestant theologian and educator best known as the author of orientalist grammar works . In 1815 he received his PhD from the University of Leipzig , where he was a student of Ernst Friedrich Karl Rosenmüller . Following graduation he worked for several years as a private tutor to the family of Friedrich Graf Kleist von Nollendorf . From 1822 up until his death in 1864 he was a teacher at Friedrich Wilhelm Gymnasium in Berlin . Concurrently , he became habilitated for theology at the University of Berlin ( 1823 ) , where in 1835 he was named an associate professor of theology . In 1839 he received an honorary doctorate in theology from the University of Leipzig .

River Out of Eden : A Darwinian View of Life is a 1995 popular science book by Richard Dawkins . The book is about Darwinian evolution and summarizes the topics covered in his earlier books , The Selfish Gene , The Extended Phenotype and The Blind Watchmaker . It is part of the Science Masters series and is Dawkins 's shortest book . It is illustrated by Lalla Ward , Dawkins 's wife . The book 's name is derived from Genesis 2:10 relating to the Garden of Eden . The King James Version reads " And a river went out of Eden to water the garden ; and from thence it was parted , and became into four heads . " River Out of Eden has five chapters . The first chapter lays down the framework on which the rest of the book is built , that life is like a river of genes flowing through geological time where organisms are mere temporary bodies . The second chapter shows how human ancestry can be traced via many gene pathways to different most recent common ancestors , with special emphasis on the African Eve . The third chapter describes how gradual enhancement via natural selection is the only mechanism which can create the observed complexity of nature . The fourth chapter describes the indifference of genes towards organisms they build and discard , as they maximise their own utility functions . The last chapter summarises milestones during the evolution of life on Earth and speculates on how similar processes may work in alien planetary systems .

Internet Explorer Mobile ( formerly named Pocket Internet Explorer ; commonly abbreviated to IE Mobile ) is a discontinued mobile browser developed by Microsoft , based on versions of the Trident layout engine . IE Mobile comes loaded by default with Windows Phone and Windows CE . Later versions of Internet Explorer Mobile ( since Windows Phone 8) are based on the desktop version of Internet Explorer . Older versions however , called Pocket Internet Explorer ( found on Windows Phone 7 and Windows Mobile ) , are not based on the same layout engine . Internet Explorer Mobile 11 , the last version that was supported , is based on the desktop version of Internet Explorer 11 and came with Windows Phone 8.1 . A new browser , Microsoft Edge replaced Internet Explorer Mobile in Windows 10 Mobile .

The Order of Karađorđe 's Star ( ) is Serbia 's highest civilian and military decoration . It originated in the Kingdom of Serbia , and was initially awarded exclusively to Serbian citizens in return for services rendered to the Serbian monarchy , the Serb people and the Serbian state , though it is now bestowed upon Serbs and non - Serbs alike . During the Balkan Wars and World War I , the Order was mostly awarded for acts of bravery on the battlefield . The post - war Kingdom of Yugoslavia retained the Order , and it was awarded by the Yugoslav government - in - exile until the end of World War II , in some cases to individuals who collaborated with the Axis powers . Following the war , the monarchy was outlawed and a communist government came to power . Along with other monarchist symbols , the Order was suppressed during the administration of Josip Broz Tito , and replaced with communist decorations such as the Order of the People 's Hero . Following the breakup of Yugoslavia , Serbia ceased using many of the awards and decorations established during the communist period , though it was not until 2010 that the Serbian Government officially reinstated the Order of Karađorđe 's Star as Serbia 's highest decoration . During the Cold War , it had been awarded by the Karađorđević family in exile . The first person to receive it following its reinstatement as a state order was the tennis player Novak Djokovic , in February 2012 .

Sofie & Cecilia is a historical novel by Canadian author Katherine Ashenburg . The novel drew attention for being Ashenburg 's fiction debut published when she was 72 . She was inspired to write the book after a visit to Sweden where she learned that despite the fact that they had the same artistic training , Swedish artist Carl Larsson refused to allow his wife Karin to paint after they were married . She initially reached out to her friend , writer Jane Urquhart , hoping she would write about the Larsson 's , but Urquhart instead encouraged Ashenburg to write a novel about them herself . A work of fiction , the titular characters are loosely based on Karin Bergöö Larsson wife of Swedish artist Carl Larsson and Emma Lamm , wife of Swedish artist Anders Zorn . The novel follows the lives of the two titular characters , Sofie Olsson ( based on Karin Bergöö Larsson ) and Cecilia Vogt ( based on Emma Lamm ) , Swedish women who are both married to artists , who meet in their 30s and develop a life long friendship .

Ghostwritten is the first novel published by English author David Mitchell . Published in 1999 , it won the John Llewellyn Rhys Prize and was widely acclaimed . The story takes place mainly around East Asia , but also moves through Russia , Britain , the USA and Ireland . It is written episodically ; each chapter details a different story and central character , although they are all interlinked through seemingly coincidental events . Many of the themes from Ghostwritten continue in Mitchell ’s subsequent novels , number9dream and Cloud Atlas , and a character later appears in The Bone Clocks . Ghostwritten is the product of a number of influences , particularly from East Asian culture and superstition , as well as real events remodelled for plot purposes ( e.g. the sarin gas attack on the Tokyo subway ) . There are also hints and references to other works , most prominently from Isaac Asimov and the Three Laws of Robotics towards the end of the book , as well as Wild Swans by Jung Chang and The Music of Chance by Paul Auster .

Walter Irving Scott ( July 1 , 1895 – May 12 , 1995 ) was an American musician , cardsharp and amateur magician . His glowing reputation among magicians and card men revolves around his time as a card cheat and a single demonstration of sleight - of - hand to some of the era 's best magicians in New York in 1930 . He lived out his last years in Rhode Island as a music teacher . Scott spent his formative years perfecting several difficult sleights of card manipulation in order to work as a cardsharp in card games throughout America . He participated in several different types of swindles and hustles . Eventually turning to a music career he was asked to perform one more demonstration . This single event created a legend within the magic community that continues to this day .

Jason Louis Motte ( born June 22 , 1982 ) is an American former professional baseball relief pitcher . He has played in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) for the St. Louis Cardinals , Chicago Cubs , Colorado Rockies and Atlanta Braves . The Cardinals drafted him as a catcher in 2003 and he converted to pitching in . Motte played a key role in the 2011 World Series championship run , saving five postseason games . In 2012 , he led the National League ( NL ) in saves with 42 . Motte had Tommy John surgery to repair an ulnar collateral ligament injury that kept him from playing all of 2013 . After returning to the Cardinals midway through the 2014 season , Motte signed a one - year , $ 4.5 million deal with the Cubs for 2015 .

Elspeth Attwooll ( born 1 February 1943 in Chislehurst which was formerly in Kent and now is in the London Borough of Bromley ) is a retired Scottish Liberal Democrat politician . She is a former Member of the European Parliament ( MEP ) for Scotland . She has stood as a parliamentary candidate for Glasgow Maryhill in every general election from October 1974 to 1997 . She was part of the Liberal Democrat delegation to the Scottish Constitutional Convention . She was first elected to the European Parliament in 1999 , the first Liberal Democrat ever to be elected to the European Parliament from Scotland , and retained her seat in 2004 . She stood down as MEP at the 2009 European Parliamentary elections , after ten years in Brussels and Strasbourg . While an MEP , she served on the Fisheries and Regional Development Committees , being elected a vice - chair of the former . Her work in the European Parliament was highly respected , and she drafted many influential reports , including one on Community action in relation to whaling which stressed the need for the European Union to use its influence to secure the International Whaling Commission and agreement between the pro- and anti- whaling lobbies within it . She was and is a passionate advocate of radical decentralisation of the Common Fisheries Policy . She was succeeded as Liberal Democrat MEP for Scotland by George Lyon , farmer and former MSP for Argyll and Bute . Previously , Elspeth Attwooll taught jurisprudence and legal theory at the School of Law of the University of Glasgow , where she was a senior lecturer .

Le Bernardin is a French seafood restaurant in Midtown Manhattan in New York City . Gilbert Le Coze and his sister Maguy Le Coze started the restaurant in Paris in 1972 , where it was called Les Moines de St. Bernardin . They restarted the restaurant in New York in 1986 , not long after receiving a third Michelin star . Gilbert le Coze died of a heart attack in 1994 , and Éric Ripert succeeded him as chef de cuisine . Chef Ripert later opened another restaurant , Philadelphia 's 10 Arts and Westend Bistro , in Washington , D.C .. Signature dishes include kindai maguro ( farmed Pacific bluefin tuna ) and wagyu beef . In 2016 , investigative journalists from the US news program Inside Edition found that Le Bernardin , among other restaurants , was falsely marketing their beef as Kobe beef . After the report , the restaurant reworded their menu to read wagyu beef . In 2018 , a former waitress brought suit against the restaurant , alleging sexual harassment and gender discrimination .

Domitian (; ; 24 October 51   – 18 September 96 AD ) was Roman emperor from 81 to 96 . He was the younger brother of Titus and the son of Vespasian , his two predecessors on the throne , and the last member of the Flavian dynasty . During his reign , the authoritarian nature of his rule put him at sharp odds with the senate , whose powers he drastically curtailed . Domitian had a minor and largely ceremonial role during the reigns of his father and brother . After the death of his brother , Domitian was declared emperor by the Praetorian Guard . His 15-year reign was the longest since that of Tiberius . As emperor , Domitian strengthened the economy by revaluing the Roman coinage , expanded the border defenses of the empire , and initiated a massive building program to restore the damaged city of Rome . Significant wars were fought in Britain , where his general Agricola attempted to conquer Caledonia ( Scotland ) , and in Dacia , where Domitian was unable to procure a decisive victory against king Decebalus . Domitian 's government exhibited strong authoritarian characteristics ; he saw himself as the new Augustus , an enlightened despot destined to guide the Roman Empire into a new era of brilliance . Religious , military , and cultural propaganda fostered a cult of personality , and by nominating himself perpetual censor , he sought to control public and private morals . As a consequence , Domitian was popular with the people and army , but considered a tyrant by members of the Roman Senate . Domitian 's reign came to an end in 96 when he was assassinated by court officials . He was succeeded the same day by his advisor Nerva . After his death , Domitian 's memory was condemned to oblivion by the Roman Senate , while senatorial authors such as Tacitus , Pliny the Younger , and Suetonius propagated the view of Domitian as a cruel and paranoid tyrant . Modern revisionists instead have characterized Domitian as a ruthless but efficient autocrat whose cultural , economic , and political programs provided the foundation of the peaceful second century .

Stevie " Keys " Roseman ( Steve Roseman ) ( born January 29 , 1951 ) is a keyboardist and performer born in Oakland , California . He has worked as a session and live musician since the late 1960s , most notably with the rock band Journey . In between the departure of original keyboardist Gregg Rolie from Santana and the arrival of Jonathan Cain from The Babys he was invited to play keyboards on the track " The Party 's Over ( Hopelessly In Love ) " on the 1981 live Journey release Captured . This same track appears on the package set Time³ and the 2001 compilation The Essential Journey . He recorded several tracks with Journey guitarist Neal Schon on the 1999 " Piranha Blues " release and stayed close to the Journey family co - writing and recording the 2005 release VTR ( Valory - Tickner - Roseman ) with founders Ross Valory and George Tickner . He also co - wrote the No Nation " Illumine " project in 2007 which includes guest artists such as vocalist Jon Anderson of Yes , bassist Ross Valory and keyboardist Mike Pinder of The Moody Blues . Stevie continues to live and work in the Northern California Bay Area as an artist and performer .

Rudolf Koechlin ( 11 November 1862 – 11 February 1939 ) was an Austrian mineralogist . Koechlin was born and died in Vienna . He studied mineralogy , crystallography , petrology and geology at the University of Vienna , obtaining his doctorate in 1887 with a thesis on manganite , polianite and pyrolusite . At Vienna , his instructors included Gustav Tschermak and Albrecht Schrauf . In 1884 he began work as a volunteer in the mineralogical - petrography department of the Naturhistorisches Hofmuseum in Vienna . In 1897 he became a " custos - adjunct " , later named a curator first - class ( 1912 ) , and in 1920 , was appointed director of the mineralogical - petrography department . His scientific research largely dealt with minerals found in the Tauern region in Austria , e.g. bornite , euclase and sphene as well as the salt minerals glauberite and simonyite from the salt mine at Hallstatt . The mineral koechlinite is named in his honor . He was the author of around 70 scientific papers and made important contributions towards publication of the " Mineralogisches Taschenbuch " ( first edition , 1911 ) . From 1910 to 1932 , he was a staff member of the Wiener Mineralogische Gesellschaft . In 1922 , he became a correspondent member of the Austrian Academy of Sciences .

Felipe Agoncillo ( May 26 , 1859 – September 29 , 1941 ) was the Filipino lawyer representative to the negotiations in Paris that led to the Treaty of Paris ( 1898 ) , ending the Spanish – American War and achieving him the title of " outstanding first Filipino diplomat . " As a family friend and adviser of General Emilio Aguinaldo and General Antonio Luna during the critical times of the revolution , Agoncillo has been active in participating during that era especially when he presided over the Hong Kong Junta — a group of Filipino exiles who met to plan for future steps in achieving independence . His greatest contribution to Philippine history was when he was assigned to negotiate with foreign countries to secure the independence of the country . This was considered the most important assignment given by a General .

John W. A. Sanford ( August 28 , 1798 – September 12 , 1870 ) was a United States Representative and farmer from Georgia . Sanford was born near Milledgeville , Georgia , in 1798 . He attended Yale University and was a farmer . In 1832 , he was elected a major general , 3rd Division Georgia Militia , by the Georgia Legislature . In 1834 , Sanford was elected as a Jacksonian Representative from Georgia to the 24th United States Congress , but he resigned before the end of his term to participate in the removal of the Cherokee from the state . His congressional service spanned from March 4 , 1835 , to July 2 , 1835 . After serving in the Creek War of 1836 as a major general , Sanford was elected to the Georgia Senate in 1837 ; however , he resigned before that session of the state Senate began . From 1841 to 1843 , Sanford was the Secretary of State of Georgia . He also was a member of the state convention of 1850 . Sanford served as secession commissioner from Georgia to the State of Texas in 1861 . Sanford died in Milledgeville on September 12 , 1870 , and was buried in Memory Hill Cemetery in Milledgeville .

Vagn Walfrid Ekman ( 3 May 1874 – 9 March 1954 ) was a Swedish oceanographer . Born in Stockholm to Fredrik Laurentz Ekman , himself an oceanographer , he became committed to oceanography while studying physics at the University of Uppsala and , in particular , on hearing Vilhelm Bjerknes lecture on fluid dynamics . During the expedition of the Fram , Fridtjof Nansen had observed that icebergs tend to drift not in the direction of the prevailing wind but at an angle of 20 ° -40 ° to the right . Bjerknes invited Ekman , still a student , to investigate the problem and , in 1905 , Ekman published his theory of the Ekman spiral which explains the phenomenon in terms of the balance between frictional effects in the ocean and the Coriolis force , which arises from moving objects in a rotating environment , like planetary rotation . On completing his doctorate in Uppsala in 1902 , Ekman joined the International Laboratory for Oceanographic Research , Oslo where he worked for seven years , not only extending his theoretical work but also developing experimental techniques and instruments such as the Ekman current meter and Ekman water bottle . From 1910 to 1939 he continued his theoretical and experimental work at the University of Lund , where he was professor of mechanics and mathematical physics . He was elected a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences in 1935 . A gifted amateur bass singer , pianist , and composer , he continued working right up to his death in Gostad , near Stockaryd , Sweden .

Adolf Franklin Rebner ( also Adolph Rebner ) ( 21 November 1876 in Vienna , Austria – 19 June 1967 in Baden - Baden , Germany ) was an Austrian violinist and violist . Rebner was a student of at the Vienna Conservatory , graduating there with first prize in 1891 . Having continued his studies in Paris with Martin Pierre Marsick he settled in Frankfurt in 1896 where he was concertmaster at the Frankfurt Opera . He succeeded Hugo Heermann as professor of violin at the Hoch Conservatory and became famous as leader of his string quartet , which toured Germany , France , Spain and England . In 1934 he was forced to leave Germany ( he was released from the Hoch Conservatory in 1933 because he was Jewish ) and moved to Vienna . His son Edward Wolfgang Rebner ( born 1910 in Frankfurt , died 1993 , Munich ) was an accomplished pianist and accompanist , who settled in the US in 1939 .

Goresbridge ( ) is a small village located in the east of County Kilkenny , in the province of Leinster , Ireland . Goresbridge is named after a 1756 bridge , built by Colonel Ralph Gore , which provides a crossing of the River Barrow between County Kilkenny and County Carlow in the South - East region . Located from Gowran on the R702 ( Kilkenny−Enniscorthy ) regional road , and approximately east of Kilkenny . Part of the civil parish is Grangesilvia which is in the barony of Gowran . King Charles II granted Arthur Gore the townland of Barrowmount . The " Battle of Goresbridge " occurred there in June 1798 . The 2011 census the population of the census town was 361 . The local authority is Kilkenny County Council . Goresbridge gives its name to a district electoral division .

Valeri Danilov ( also spelled : Valeriy ; Russian:Валерий Дмитриевич Данилов ) is a Russian military historian and a retired officer ( Colonel ) . Danilov has Candidate of History Sciences degree ( кандидат исторических наук ) and is a professor at the Academy of Military Science . In 1993 , Yuri Gorkov and Valeri Danilov published a previously classified document , called Considerations to the plan of the strategic development of the armed forces of the Soviet Union , ( dating back to May 15 , 1941 ) which proposed a strike on Germany . Allegedly , it was composed by Georgy Zhukov and Semyon Timoshenko and presented to Joseph Stalin . The publishing of this plan initiated a longer discussion among the Russian historian over Stalin 's actual strategy in 1941 . Contrary to many historians both within Russia and the West ( David Glantz ) , Valeri Danilov has argued that - taking into account the concentration of power to Stalin 's hand - it is highly implausible , that the Soviet defense commissar and the chief of staff could have prepared such a document without Stalin 's authorization . Considering the 1937 purges of the higher officers , it is hardly possible that staff officers would have risked antagonised official Soviet policy . Danilov suggests - and he is supported by Mikhail Meltyukhov , Vladimir Nevezhin and others - that this draft by Zhukov was actually basis for Soviet military planning in 1941 .

Greater Manchester East was , from 1984 to 1999 , a European Parliament constituency centred on Greater Manchester , in North West England . From 1984 to 1994 , it consisted of the Westminster Parliament constituencies of Ashton - under - Lyne , Cheadle , Denton and Reddish , Hazel Grove , Oldham Central and Royton , Oldham West , Stalybridge and Hyde , and Stockport . From 1994 to 1999 it consisted of Ashton - under - Lyne , Denton and Reddish , Heywood and Middleton , Littleborough and Saddleworth , Oldham Central and Royton , Oldham West , Rochdale , and Stalybridge and Hyde . Prior to its uniform adoption of proportional representation in 1999 , the United Kingdom used first - past - the - post for the European elections in England , Scotland and Wales . The European Parliament constituencies used under that system were smaller than the later regional constituencies and only had one Member of the European Parliament each .

Forza Italia ( FI ; translated to " Forward Italy " or " Let 's Go Italy " , ) was a centre - right political party in Italy with liberal - conservative , Christian - democratic , liberal , social - democratic and populist tendencies . Its leader was Silvio Berlusconi , four times Prime Minister of Italy . The party was founded in December 1993 and won its first general election soon afterwards in March 1994 . It was the main member of the Pole of Freedoms / Pole of Good Government , Pole for Freedoms and House of Freedoms coalitions . Throughout its existence , the party was characterised by a strong reliance on the personal image and charisma of its leader — it has therefore been called a " personality party " or Berlusconi 's " personal party "— and the skillful use of media campaigns , especially via television . The party 's organisation and ideology depended heavily on its leader . Its appeal to voters was based on Berlusconi 's personality more than on its ideology or programme . In November 2008 the national council of the party , presided by Alfredo Biondi , voted to merge Forza Italia into The People of Freedom ( PdL ) , Berlusconi 's new political vehicle , whose official foundation took place in March 2009 .

Shahid Imran Awan ( born 1980 ) is a Pakistani - American information technology worker . From 2004 to 2017 , he worked as a shared employee for Democrats in the U.S. House of Representatives . In July 2017 , he was arrested on bank fraud charges as part of a federal investigation . After an 18-month investigation into alleged misconduct involving congressional computer equipment , during which Awan was subject to conspiracy theories involving espionage , in July 2018 the investigation cleared him of such accusations . On July 3 , 2018 , Awan pleaded guilty to making a false representation on a home equity line of credit application . On August 21 , 2018 , U.S. District Judge Tanya Chutkan said the government 's investigation had found these conspiracies to be baseless , and sentenced Awan to time served and three months of supervision .

The Chongqing West railway station is a railway station of Chengyu Passenger Railway that is located in Shapingba District of Chongqing , People 's Republic of China . It is the second largest railway station , after Xi'an North , in South Western China when opened on January 25th , 2018 . It will serve as Chongqing 's connection with many destinations across south - western and north - western China . Situated in Shangqiao area of Shapingba , near the intersections of the G93 Chengdu – Chongqing Ring Expressway and the G85 Chongqing – Kunming Expressways . This is the third major railway station to serve Chongqing , after Chongqing North and Chongqing Stations . It opened in conjunction with the smaller nearby Shapingba station on the same day . It will serve as a stop on the Chongqing – Lanzhou High - Speed Railway , Xiangyang - Chongqing Railway , Chongqing – Guizhou High - Speed Railway , Chongqing - Kunming Railway and Chengdu – Chongqing Railway .

René Brülhart ( born 1972 ) is a Swiss lawyer from Fribourg , who currently serves as the President of the Board of Directors of the Financial Information Authority ( AIF ) of Vatican City . He is the first lay person serving in this position . Brühlhart was raised in Düdingen and studied law at the University of Fribourg between 1993 and 1997 . Before being nominated President of the AIF by Pope Francis on 19 November 2014 , he served as the director of the same institution since November 2012 ( nominated by Pope Benedict XVI ) . From 2004 to 2012 he headed Liechtenstein 's financial intelligence unit which was elected by the Plenary to act as Vice - Chair of the Egmont group from 2010 to 2012 .

Uematsu , a self - taught musician , began playing the piano at the age of twelve , with English singer - songwriter Elton John as his biggest influence . Uematsu joined Square in 1986 , where he first met Final Fantasy creator Hironobu Sakaguchi . The two later worked together on many titles at the company , most notably in the Final Fantasy series . After nearly two decades with Square , Uematsu left in 2004 to create his own production company , which included the Dog Ear Records music label . He has since composed music as a freelancer for other games , including ones developed by Square Enix and Sakaguchi 's development studio , Mistwalker . Many soundtracks and arranged albums of Uematsu 's game scores have been released . Pieces from his video game works have been performed in various Final Fantasy concerts , where he has worked with Grammy Award - winning conductor Arnie Roth on several of these performances . From 2002 to 2010 , he was in a hard rock band with Square Enix colleagues Kenichiro Fukui and Tsuyoshi Sekito called The Black Mages , in which he played electronic organ and other keyboards . The band played various arranged rock versions of Uematsu 's Final Fantasy compositions . He has since performed with Earthbound Papas , which he formed as the successor to The Black Mages in 2011 .

" Pass It On " is a song by The Coral , which was taken as the second single from their 2003 album , Magic and Medicine . " Pass It On " is The Coral 's highest charting single to date , reaching number five in the UK Singles Chart . " Pass It On " was not only released on CD and vinyl but also on DVD which contains 2 b - sides and a 3-minute documentary about the band . The song is similar in structure to The Beatles song " You Like Me Too Much " . It appeared in an episode of Scrubs , " My Turf War " and is featured in the theatrical trailer for Ken Loach 's film Looking for Eric .

Reunification Day ( ) , Victory Day ( ) or Liberation Day ( or ) or the official name of Day of liberating the South for national reunification ( ) is a public holiday in Vietnam that marks the event when Việt Cộng and North Vietnamese troops captured Saigon ( now Ho Chi Minh City ) on April 30 , 1975 . This signalled the end of the Vietnam War , known in Vietnamese as ( Vietnam War ) or ( " Resistance War Against American invasion " ) . It was the start of the transition period toward reunification , which occurred in the national election for national reunification on July 2 , 1976 , when the Provisional Revolutionary Government of the Republic of South Vietnam and Democratic Republic of Vietnam merged , forming the modern - day Socialist Republic of Vietnam . The anniversary is marked by several festivals around the date . In the Overseas Vietnamese community , the day is remembered as the " Fall of Saigon " , " Black April " ( ) , " National Day of Shame " ( ) or " National Day of Resentment " ( ) . This is a commemorative day for exiled Vietnamese who served , were affected , and displaced in those overseas communities , and as such is a day of reflection . Many Americans of multiple ethnicities observe the day for remembrance and solidarity .

Huda al - Attas ( ) is a Southern Yemeni journalist and author . She was born in 1971 in Dawʿan in the Hadhramaut . She is best known for her short stories , for which she has won a number of awards , including the Al - Afif prize in 1997 . Her first collection of stories hājis rūḥ wa hājis jasad was published in Aden in 1995 . Since then she has published two more collections . In addition to her short stories , Huda is also a regular writer of columns and articles in Yemeni newspapers , many of them focusing on women 's issues . She has worked in the arts faculty at the University of Aden . In 2001 , she was elected to the governing body of the Yemeni Writers ' Union , alongside fellow female author Ibtisam al - Mutawakkil . Huda is a representative of the Southern Movement ( Al - Hirak ) in Arabic ) and a leading figure in the south calling for justice and demanding government of Yemen to address southern grievances and the right for self determination . Huda 's work has been translated into Italian and two of her stories appeared in a 2009 anthology of contemporary Yemeni writing entitled Perle dello Yemen .

George Smits ( Antwerp , 1944 – 1997 ) , aka ' Toet ' , was a Belgian visual artist , experimental musician and inventor of experimental musical instruments . In the sixties , he was a member of the band of Ferre Grignard . Smits was also active as an actor in a few movies , and was part of Antwerp 's underground arts scene ( e.g. the Ercola collective and also part of Fred Bervoets band and Panamarenko ) . Besides his musical career , he was active as a painter , and an experimental musician with his own radio show on the Belgian public radio Radio Centraal . This radio show , broadcast at night , gave Smits the motivation to increasingly focus on creating music ( leaving some of his paintings unfinished ) , using instruments he had invented himself as well as effects , but also , gradually , new electronic tools . Smith prepared his radio show very precisely , spending about 20 hours recording sounds in advance of the broadcast . On his program , he used the pseudonym Captain Zbolk . George Smits is mostly known for his self - created musical instruments . Many of Smits ' instruments are acoustic and made with polystyrene , large springs and long strings .

The Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus takes place in a framework of a semi - presidential representative democratic republic , whereby the President is head of state and the Prime Minister head of government , and of a multi - party system . Executive power is exercised by the government . Legislative power is vested in both the government and the Assembly of the Republic . The judiciary is independent of the executive and the legislature . The Prime Minister must control a majority of parliament in order to govern . There have been ten Prime Ministers of Northern Cyprus since 1983 . The premiership 's precursor was a post known as the " President of the Turkish Cypriot Communal Chamber " . The only man to occupy this post was Rauf Denktaş from December 29 , 1969 to July 5 , 1976 . There were three prime ministers before the Turkish Cypriot community 's unilateral declaration of independence in 1983 .

" The Responsibility of Intellectuals " is an essay by the American academic Noam Chomsky which was published as a special supplement by The New York Review of Books on the 23 February 1967 . The article was written during the then - ongoing Vietnam War , as news of human rights abuses started to return to the United States , and as the war had increasingly become seen as a quagmire . An attack on the intellectual culture in the U.S. , Chomsky argues that it is largely subservient to power . He is particularly critical of social scientists and technocrats , who he believed were providing a pseudo - scientific justification for the crimes of the state in regard to the Vietnam War . He notes that those who opposed the war on moral rather than technical grounds are " often psychologists , mathematicians , chemists , or philosophers , ... rather than people with Washington contacts , who , of course , realize that ' had they a new , good idea about Vietnam , they would get a prompt and respectful hearing ' in Washington . " The topic was inspired by articles of Dwight Macdonald published after the Second World War who " asks the question : To what extent were the German or Japanese people responsible for the atrocities committed by their governments ? And , quite properly , ... turns the question back to us : To what extent are the British or American people responsible for the vicious terror bombings of civilians , perfected as a technique of warfare by the Western democracies and reaching their culmination in Hiroshima and Nagasaki , surely among the most unspeakable crimes in history . " The article brought Chomsky to public attention as one of the leading American intellectuals in the movement against the Vietnam war .

Arctic Monkeys are a four - piece indie rock band from Sheffield , England . Since signing for Domino Records in 2005 , the band have gained popularity in many parts of the world , and have gradually progressed to playing larger venues . Following the release of " I Bet You Look Good on the Dancefloor " in October 2005 , the band had a near - continuous touring schedule that culminated with performances at the Reading and Leeds Festivals . Following the release of their album , Favourite Worst Nightmare , on 23 April 2007 , the band began a series of tours that included a headline appearance at the Glastonbury Festival as well as hosting their own " mini - festival " at Lancashire County Cricket Ground .

Momme Peterson ( 1771 – 1835 ) was a Danish - Norwegian businessperson and politician . He is best known for founding the company M. Peterson & Søn . Peterson was born in Slesvig . He migrated to Norway in 1793 , settled in the city of Moss and acquired burghership in 1801 . In the same year he founded his own company , a general store with various groceries and manufactured goods . He later opened a spinning mill , and also expanded to trade with timber . The name M. Peterson & Søn was taken in 1828 . Momme Peterson was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1821 , representing the constituency of Moss . Here , he marked himself as an opponent of King Charles XIV John , who had several fruitless attempts to strengthen his control over the Norwegian Parliament . Peterson only served one term . After his death , the company would expand into regular shipping , but later , under the leadership of Momme Peterson 's grandson Theodor this was discontinued . Instead , Theodor and another descendant Hans Blom Peterson successfully expanded into the pulp and paper industry .

The Original High is the third studio album by American singer Adam Lambert , released on June 12 , 2015 , by Warner Bros. Records . Its executive producers are Max Martin and Shellback , the duo responsible for co - writing and producing Lambert 's early - career hits " Whataya Want from Me " and " If I Had You " . The album marks Lambert 's first release since leaving previous record label , RCA Records . The record 's style has been described as EDM , pop - house , and synth - pop . The album was preceded by the release of its lead single , " Ghost Town " , on April 21 , 2015 . " Another Lonely Night " was released as the album 's second single on October 9 , 2015 . The Original High peaked within the top 10 of 11 national album charts . It debuted at number 3 on the Billboard 200 chart selling 42,000 copies in its opening week . It also became Lambert 's first ever UK top 10 album , debuting and peaking at number 8 .

Pitești ( ) is a city in Romania , located on the Argeș River . The capital and largest city of Argeș County , it is an important commercial and industrial center , as well as the home of two universities . Pitești is situated in the historical region of Muntenia . It lies on the A1 freeway connecting the city directly to the national capital Bucharest , being an important railway junction , with a classification yard in nearby Bălilești . The city houses the Arpechim oil refinery , and is a marketing center for the automotive industry , in particular Automobile Dacia . Inhabited since prehistoric times but first mentioned in the 14th century , it developed as a trading town in northern Wallachia , serving as an informal residence for various Wallachian Princes until the 18th century . From the 19th century and until the interwar period , it was an important political center for the National Liberal Party and the main residence of the Brătianu family of politicians . During the early stages of the communist regime , it was one of the main sites of political repression , with the Pitești prison becoming home to an experiment in brainwashing techniques .

TET / PRAO ( Työelämään tutustuminen in Finnish , Praktisk arbetslivsorientering in Swedish , lit . familiarization with working life ) is a program providing one to three weeks of experience working in a real job during middle school ( lower secondary education ) in Finland and Sweden . The program is one to three weeks long and takes place in 7th , 8th or 9th grade , depending on the school . Each student can choose and apply to their job independently and has to sign a contract with both the school and the employer . Often students end up working with a relative or friend . Students working in the program are normally entitled to one free meal per day , but they receive no salary or allowance . Costs incurred by the employer are paid by the Finnish / Swedish state . The purpose of the program is to introduce students to real - life working environments . TET students normally have a six - hour workday , with only one mandatory 30-minute lunch break . Rules require that no heavy lifting ( over 15   kg ) be part of normal labour , and there are other specifications .

S. Justin Selvaraj , known by his stage name S. J. Surya is an Indian film director , screenwriter , actor , music composer and producer who has worked in the Tamil , Telugu and Hindi film industries . He sought to become an actor but ended up directing , assisting Vasanth and Sabapathy . Surya made his directorial debut with Vaali in 1999 whose success catapulted him to stardom . His other notable films include Kushi ( 2000 ) , New ( 2004 ) , Anbe Aaruyire ( 2005 ) and Isai ( 2015 ) . He made his acting debut with New and went on to act in films like Kalvanin Kadhali ( 2006 ) , Thirumagan ( 2007 ) , Vyabari ( 2007 ) and has also worked as Antagonist in Spyder ( 2017 ) and Mersal ( 2017 ) .

Andrew Caldwell Mailer ( April 4 , 1853 – December 3 , 1909 ) was an American politician . He was a member of the Wisconsin State Senate , representing Wisconsin 's 2nd Senate District from 1897 to 1901 . He was a member of the Republican Party . Mailer was born in De Pere , Wisconsin , and attended Lawrence University in Appleton , the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor , Rush Medical College in Chicago , and the Bellevue Hospital Medical College in New York City . He was connected with the Pharmaceutical industry for four years before entering the profession of medicine . He was a member of the De Pere Board of Education from 1890 to 1896 , superintendent of the city schools for a few years , and was mayor of De Pere from 1892 to 1894 . He died in De Pere , Wisconsin on December 3 , 1909 .

The Shoemaker 's Holiday or the Gentle Craft is an Elizabethan play written by Thomas Dekker . The play was first performed in 1599 by the Admiral 's Men , and it falls into the subgenre of city comedy . The story features three subplots : an inter - class romance between a citizen of London and an aristocrat , the ascension of shoemaker Simon Eyre to Lord Mayor of London , and a romance between a gentleman and a shoemaker 's wife , whose husband appears to have died in the wars with France . The play is a " citizen " drama , or a depiction of the life of members of London 's livery companies , and it follows in Dekker 's style of depicting everyday life in London . The events of the play occur during the reign of King Henry VI , though also hinting at the reign of Henry V. Henry V succeeded his father , Henry IV , as leader of England following Henry IV 's death in 1413 at the age of 26 . He is best known for securing the French crown and for his depiction in Shakespeare 's plays Henry IV , Part 1 , Henry IV , Part 2 , and Henry V. Dekker uses this correlation in The Shoemaker 's Holiday , as an English king appears in scenes 19 and 21 ; however , he is only identified as " The King " in the speech prefix in the first printed edition of the play .

" Putting Holes in Happiness " is Marilyn Manson 's second single from his sixth studio album Eat Me , Drink Me . Written on his birthday ( January 5 , 2007 ) , the song was initially set as the first single from the album , but this was soon changed at the request of Manson 's record label , Interscope , and " Heart - Shaped Glasses ( When the Heart Guides the Hand ) " was released instead as the album 's first single ( similar to the case of " Get Your Gunn " from the band 's debut ) . A two - track promotional disc was released in June 2007 , but no confirmation of the song as the album 's second single followed until Marilyn Manson confirmed the next single to be " Putting Holes in Happiness " on August 7 , 2007 . The song has already appeared on the radio in France , where a promo of the single has been sent out to several major radio stations . On August 23 , 2007 , the music video for " Putting Holes in Happiness " , created by the famous French filmmaker Philippe Grandrieux , was released on Yahoo!. Manson has stated in various interviews that select segments of the video were filmed in Germany during the shooting of the " Heart - Shaped Glasses ( When the Heart Guides the Hand ) " video in April 2007 . The Guitar Hero Remix by Nick Zinner version of the single was featured on early special editions of .

Dune II : The Building of a Dynasty ( titled Dune II : Battle for Arrakis in Europe and Dune : The Battle for Arrakis for the North American Mega Drive / Genesis port respectively ) is a real - time strategy Dune video game developed by Westwood Studios and released by Virgin Games in December 1992 . It is based upon David Lynch 's 1984 movie Dune , an adaptation of Frank Herbert 's science fiction novel of the same name . While not necessarily the first real - time strategy ( RTS ) video game , Dune II established the format that would be followed for years to come . As such , Dune II is the archetypal " real - time strategy " game . Striking a balance between complexity and innovation , it was a huge success and laid the foundation for Command & Conquer , Warcraft , StarCraft , and many other RTS games that followed .

, formerly , was an international airline registered in Shinagawa , Tokyo , Japan , with its headquarters and its main hub at Narita International Airport . The airline had a secondary hub at Osaka 's Kansai International Airport . Its operations included scheduled and non - scheduled international passenger services to 15 high - density low yield tourist destinations in nine countries using a fleet of Boeing only aircraft wet - leased from Japan Airlines . JALways was founded as Japan Air Charter on October 5 , 1990 and began charter operations with a McDonnell Douglas DC-10 on February 22 , 1991 . The airline obtained a license to operate scheduled services on July 30 , 1999 and operated its first scheduled passenger service on October 1 . On the same day , the airline changed its name to JALways . In the fiscal year ended March 31 , 1999 , JALways , together with its sister airlines within the JAL Group , carried over 32 million passengers and over 1.1 million tons of cargo and mail . JALways was once a wholly owned subsidiary of Japan 's flag carrier , Japan Airlines , but on December 1 , 2010 its operations were merged into those of its parent company .

Though most famous for his involvement in the Hōgen Rebellion , Minamoto No Tameyoshi is also said to have intervened in a number of other conflicts earlier in his life . Around 1113 , the ongoing rivalry between the warrior monks of Mii - dera and Enryaku - ji erupted into outright violence in the streets of Kyoto . Though the palace guard mobilized quickly to protect the Emperor , it is said that Tameyoshi , with a handful of mounted samurai , drove the mobs away himself . Upon being defeated in the Hōgen Rebellion , Tameyoshi took the tonsure and was released into the custody of his son Minamoto no Yoshitomo who then had him beheaded . This was an unprecedented breaking of Buddhist values in Japan , yet no one in the court berated Yoshitomo for his actions at the time until after his death .

Cheeseburger in Paradise is a casual dining restaurant chain in the United States . The first restaurant opened on August 19 , 2002 , in the Southport area of Indianapolis , Indiana . It is a theme restaurant named for the song " Cheeseburger in Paradise " by American pop music singer Jimmy Buffett . The chain was a partnership of Buffett 's company , the Orlando , Florida - based Margaritaville Holdings LLC , and OSI Restaurant Partners , with Buffett licensing the name and Outback Steakhouse operating the franchising of restaurants . It is currently a subsidiary of Luby 's In September 2009 , Cheeseburger in Paradise was sold to Paradise Restaurant Group , LLC . Jimmy Buffett was only a Royalty Partner receiving 2 % of profits until selling Paradise Restaurant Group the rights to the song " Cheeseburger in Paradise " . In December 2012 , Luby 's purchased Paradise Restaurant Group for $ 11 million , thereby acquiring all of the restaurants and ending Jimmy Buffett 's association with the chain . In August 2018 , all restaurants except for the Omaha , NE and Secaucus , NJ locations were closed , including the original restaurant in Indianapolis . In September 2018 , the Omaha , NE closed meaning the only Cheeseburger in Paradise left in the U.S. is in Secaucus , NJ

Catoosa Wildlife Management Area is a large game - management area on the Upper Cumberland Plateau in Morgan , Cumberland and Fentress counties in Tennessee in the United States . It comprises 82,000 acres ( 332   km ) of wild land administered by the Tennessee Wildlife Resources Agency ( TWRA ) . The Management Area is funded by hunters and fishermen , and is popular with all outdoors enthusiasts , including backpackers , and whitewater rafters . It has many trails for hiking , of which the most notable is the Cumberland Trail . It also has gravel roads and dirt track four - wheel drive roads for motorized exploration . Catoosa ranges from gentle rolling hills to some of the most rugged and extreme terrain in the country . Many rivers and streams have cut deep canyons into the Cumberland Plateau and Cumberland Mountains of the Management area allowing for beautiful vistas . Catoosa and several other WMAs are closed to entry between sunset and sunrise in order to reduce the effect of the activities that are considered incompatible to established wildlife management practices . Because WMAs were purchased with funds generated by hunters , the TWRA regards hunting as the main priority on these areas . Off - road vehicles and horses are permitted , but only on certain roads and trails . Overnight camping is allowed on designated areas by permission of the area manager .

Breadfruit ( Artocarpus altilis ) is a species of flowering tree in the mulberry and jackfruit family ( Moraceae ) originating in the South Pacific and eventually spreading to the rest of Oceania . British and French navigators introduced a few Polynesian seedless varieties to Caribbean islands during the late 18th century , and today it is grown in some 90 countries throughout South and Southeast Asia , the Pacific Ocean , the Caribbean , Central America and Africa . Its name is derived from the texture of the moderately ripe fruit when cooked , similar to freshly baked bread and having a potato - like flavor . According to DNA fingerprinting studies , breadfruit has its origins in the region of Oceania from New Guinea through the Indo - Malayan Archipelago to western Micronesia . The trees have been widely planted in tropical regions , including lowland Central America , northern South America , and the Caribbean . In addition to the fruit serving as a staple food in many cultures , the light , sturdy timber of breadfruit has been used for outriggers , ships , and houses in the tropics .

Lake Blouin ( ) is an ellipse shaped natural fresh water lake in the Abitibi - Témiscamingue Administrative Region , Quebec , Canada . The lake , oriented on a southwest – northeast axis , measures in length and has a maximum width of . It is relatively shallow with a maximum depth of , and is located just north of the city of Val - d’Or , Quebec . It is fed by the Bourlamaque and Senneville rivers and is the headwater of the Harricana River . All three rivers are situated near its northeastern end . The shore of lake Blouin is lined with small rocky outcrops and sandy beaches . The lake lies within the Clay Belt , a vast tract of fairly flat land with fertile soil covering in northwest Quebec and northeast Ontario .

Ernst Ludwig Gerber ( 29 September 1746 in Sondershausen , Germany – 30 June 1819 in Sondershausen ) was a German composer and author of a famous dictionary of musicians . His father , Heinrich Nicolas Gerber ( 1702 - 1775 ) , a pupil of J. S. Bach , was an organist and composer of some distinction , and under his direction Ernst Ludwig at an early age made great progress in his musical studies . In 1765 he went to Leipzig to study law , but the claims of music , which had gained additional strength from his acquaintanceship with Johann Adam Hiller , soon came to occupy almost his sole attention . On his return to Sondershausen he was appointed music teacher to the children of the prince , and in 1775 he succeeded his father as court organist . Afterwards he devoted much of his time to the study of the literature and history of music , and with this view he made himself master of several modern languages . His Historisch - biographisches Lexikon der Tonküstler appeared in 1790 and 1792 in two volumes ; and the first volume of what was virtually an improved and corrected edition of this work was published in 1810 under the title Neues Historisch - biographisches Lexikon der Tonküstler , followed by other three volumes in 1812 , 1813 and 1814 . Gerber also contributed a number of papers to musical periodicals , and published several minor musical compositions .

Anti - Katyn ( , ) is a propaganda campaign intended to reduce the impact of the Katyn massacre of 1940 — when approximately 22,000 Polish citizens were murdered by the NKVD on the orders of Joseph Stalin — by referencing the deaths of thousands of Russian and Red Army soldiers at Polish internment camps from 1919 – 1924 . " Anti - Katyn " first emerged around 1990 . After the Soviet government admitted that it had previously tried to cover up its responsibility for the massacre by claiming that it was perpetrated by the Nazi German army , previously neglected research into the fate of Soviet POWs in Poland in 1920s was revived to be used as a " tit - for - tat " argument in the discussions of Katyn . Polish historian Andrzej Nowak summarized " Anti - Katyn " as an attempt by some Russian historians and publicists to " overshadow the memory of the crimes of the Soviet system against the Poles , creating imaginary analogies or even justification " because of the earlier deaths of the prisoners of war .

Polish – Ukrainian relations as international relations were revived soon after Ukraine gained independence from the Soviet Union in the early 1990s . They have been both improving and deteriorating since . Various controversies from their shared history occasionally resurface in Polish – Ukrainian relations , but they are not having a major influence on the bilateral relations of Poland and Ukraine . Ukraine and Poland are respectively , the second and third largest Slavic countries , after Russia . The two countries share a border of about 529   km . Poland 's acceptance of the Schengen Agreement created problems with the Ukrainian border traffic . On July 1 , 2009 , an agreement on local border traffic between the two countries came into effect , which enables Ukrainian citizens living in border regions to cross the Polish frontier according to a liberalized procedure . Ukraine is the country with the largest number of Polish consulates .

" Irony " is a song recorded by the South Korean girl group Wonder Girls , written and produced by Park Jin - young . It was released as their debut single and the lead single from their debut album The Wonder Years on February 13 , 2007 , through JYP Entertainment . It was also released as a maxi single and extended play ( EP ) , titled The Wonder Begins . Three tracks , including " Bad Boy " , " It 's Not Love " , and a remix version of " Irony " , were on the EP . " Bad Boy " was released as the second single in March 2007 while " It 's Not Love " was released as the third single on April 27 , 2007 . " Irony " became one of their biggest hits in South Korea . An accompanying music video was also released and shows Sohee , Yeeun , Sunmi and Hyuna 's revenge on Sunye 's unfaithful boyfriend by using a voodoo doll to embarrass him .

The Imperial Trans - Antarctic Expedition ( 1914 – 17 ) , also known as the Endurance Expedition , is considered the last major expedition of the Heroic Age of Antarctic Exploration . Conceived by Sir Ernest Shackleton , the expedition was an attempt to make the first land crossing of the Antarctic continent . After the conquest of the South Pole by Roald Amundsen in 1911 , this crossing remained , in Shackleton 's words , the " one great main object of Antarctic journeyings " . The expedition failed to accomplish this objective , but became recognised instead as an epic feat of endurance . Shackleton had served in the Antarctic in Captain Scott 's Discovery Expedition , 1901 – 04 , and had led the British Antarctic Expedition , 1907 – 09 . In this new venture he proposed to sail to the Weddell Sea and to land a shore party near Vahsel Bay , in preparation for a transcontinental march via the South Pole to the Ross Sea . A supporting group , the Ross Sea party , would meanwhile establish camp in McMurdo Sound , and from there lay a series of supply depots across the Ross Ice Shelf to the foot of the Beardmore Glacier . These depots would be essential for the transcontinental party 's survival , as the group would not be able to carry enough provisions for the entire crossing . The expedition required two ships : Endurance under Shackleton for the Weddell Sea party , and Aurora , under Aeneas Mackintosh , for the Ross Sea party . Endurance became beset in the ice of the Weddell Sea before reaching Vahsel Bay , and drifted northward , held in the pack ice , throughout the Antarctic winter of 1915 . Eventually the ship was crushed and sunk , stranding its 28-man complement on the ice . After months spent in makeshift camps as the ice continued its northwards drift , the party took to the lifeboats to reach the inhospitable , uninhabited Elephant Island . Shackleton and five others then made an open - boat journey in the James Caird to reach South Georgia . From there , Shackleton was eventually able to mount a rescue of the men waiting on Elephant Island and bring them home without loss of life . On the other side of the continent , the Ross Sea party overcame great hardships to fulfil its mission . Aurora was blown from her moorings during a gale and was unable to return , leaving the shore party marooned without proper supplies or equipment . Nevertheless , the depots were laid , but three lives were lost before the party 's eventual rescue .

Irene May Guest ( July 22 , 1900 – June 14 , 1970 ) , also known by her married name Irene Loog , was an American competition swimmer , Olympic champion , and world record - holder . She represented the United States as a 19-year - old at the 1920 Summer Olympics in Antwerp , Belgium , where she received a pair of medals . Guest received her first medal in the women 's 100-meter freestyle in which she finished second behind fellow American Ethelda Bleibtrey , earning a silver medal with a time of 1:17.0 . In the women 's 4×100 metres freestyle relay , she won a gold medal with U.S. teammates Bleibtrey , Frances Schroth and Margaret Woodbridge in a new world record time of 5:11.6 . Guest was inducted into the International Swimming Hall of Fame as an " honor pioneer swimmer " in 1990 .

Sigmaringen Castle ( German : Schloss Sigmaringen ) was the princely castle and seat of government for the Princes of Hohenzollern - Sigmaringen . Situated in the Swabian Alb region of Baden - Württemberg , Germany , this castle dominates the skyline of the town of Sigmaringen . The castle was rebuilt following a fire in 1893 , and only the towers of the earlier medieval fortress remain . Schloss Sigmaringen was a family estate of the Swabian Hohenzollern family , a cadet branch of the Hohenzollern family , from which the German Emperors and kings of Prussia came . During the closing months of World War II , Schloss Sigmaringen was briefly the seat of the Vichy French Government after France was liberated by the Allies . The castle and museums may be visited throughout the year , but only on guided tours .

In a referendum on 21 May 2006 , the people of Montenegro opted to leave the State Union of Serbia and Montenegro . This was confirmed with a declaration of independence by the Montenegrin parliament on 3 June 2006 . It simultaneously requested international recognition and outlined foreign policy goals . As enumerated in the parliamentary declaration of 3 June 2006 , Montenegro 's near - term primary foreign policy objectives are integration into the European Union , membership in the United Nations , to which it was admitted on 28 June 2006 and in NATO . Russia gave official recognition on 11 June , 2006 , and was the first permanent member of the United Nations Security Council to do so . The European Council of Ministers recognized Montenegrin independence on 12 June , as did the United States . The United Kingdom extended recognition on 13 June . The last two permanent members of the United Nations Security Council , France and the People 's Republic of China recognised the government of Montenegro on 14 June . On 30 November 2006 , the Government adopted the Memorandum of Agreement between Montenegro and the Republic of Serbia on Consular Protection and Services to the Citizens of Montenegro . By this agreement , Serbia , through its network of diplomatic and consular missions , provides consular services to the Montenegrin citizens on the territory of states in which Montenegro has no missions of its own . In October 2008 , Montenegro recognized Kosovo .

Cascais ( ) is a city and municipality in the Greater Lisbon region of Portugal , located on the Portuguese Riviera . The population in 2011 was 206,479 , in an area of 97.40   km . Cascais is a major tourist destination and has many international residents . Cascais 's history as a cosmopolitan haven for the rich and famous originates in the 1870s , when King Luís I of Portugal and the Portuguese royal family made the seaside town their summer residence , thus attracting members of the Portuguese aristocracy , who established a summer community there . Cascais is famous for the numerous kings and royal families that have called it home , including King Edward VIII of the United Kingdom , King Juan Carlos I of Spain , and King Umberto II of Italy . Cascais is one of the wealthiest municipalities in both Portugal and the Iberian Peninsula . It has one of the most expensive real estate markets and one of the highest costs of living in the country . It is consistently ranked highly for its quality of life .

Khan Abdul Wali Khan ( , , born : 11 January 1917 – 26 January 2006 ) was a British Indian and later Pakistani secular democratic socialist and Pashtun leader , and served as president of National Awami Party . Son of the prominent Pashtun nationalist leader Bacha Khan , Wali Khan was an activist and a writer against the British Raj like his father . His early years were marked by his involvement in his father 's non - violent resistance movement , the " red shirts " against the British Raj . He narrowly escaped an assassination in his early years and was later sent to school at Colonel Brown Cambridge School , Dehra Dun . In his late teens , he became active in the Indian National Congress . After the formation of Pakistan in 1947 , Wali Khan became a controversial figure in Pakistani politics during his political career because of his association to the Congress which opposed the creation of Pakistan . A respected politician in his later years , he contributed to Pakistan 's third constitution and led protests for the restoration of democracy in the 1960s and 1980s . In the 1970s , he also served as the parliamentary leader of opposition in Pakistan 's first directly elected parliament .

The Bureau of Labor Statistics ( BLS ) is a unit of the United States Department of Labor . It is the principal fact - finding agency for the U.S. government in the broad field of labor economics and statistics and serves as a principal agency of the U.S. Federal Statistical System . The BLS is a governmental statistical agency that collects , processes , analyzes , and disseminates essential statistical data to the American public , the U.S. Congress , other Federal agencies , State and local governments , business , and labor representatives . The BLS also serves as a statistical resource to the United States Department of Labor , and conducts research into how much families need to earn to be able to enjoy a decent standard of living . The BLS data must satisfy a number of criteria , including relevance to current social and economic issues , timeliness in reflecting today 's rapidly changing economic conditions , accuracy and consistently high statistical quality , impartiality in both subject matter and presentation , and accessibility to all . To avoid the appearance of partiality , the dates of major data releases are scheduled more than a year in advance , in coordination with the Office of Management and Budget .

Xanthorhiza simplicissima ( yellowroot ) is the only member of the genus Xanthorhiza , and one of very few genera in the family Ranunculaceae with a woody stem ( the other notable example being Clematis ) . It is native to the eastern United States from Maine south to northern Florida and west to Ohio and eastern Texas . It contains the alkaloid berberine , which has a number of traditional and contemporary uses for dyeing and medicine . The genus name as well as the common name refer to the plant 's yellow roots ( xantho- meaning " yellow " and rhiza meaning " root " ) , which was used to produce a yellow dye by Native Americans . The species name refers to the simple ( not branched ) root . In the wild , it grows on the edges of streams in sandy soil under a canopy of dappled sunlight . In cultivation , it is often provided with more sunlight so that the fall colors are more vivid . It is a subshrub , reaching ( rarely ) in height , with stems up to diameter . The leaves are spirally arranged , long , each divided into 5 toothed leaflets , and flowers emerge only from the upper portion of the unbranched stem . The flowers are produced in broad panicles long , each flower small , star - shaped , reddish brown to purple brown , with five petals . Yellowroot propagates asexually by sending out many underground runners , and it reproduces sexually with seeds . Yellowroot is comparatively rare in British gardens , although E.H. Wilson and E.A. Bowles are among distinguished plantsmen to have championed its merits . It was grown by Bowles in his garden at Myddelton House , near Enfield , Middlesex , and gardens that currently cultivate it include the Savill Garden at Windsor , Berkshire and the Westonbirt Arboretum near Tetbury , Gloucestershire . Wilson , who regarded yellowroot as one of the best plants for hardy deciduous ground cover , also described ( in 1923 ) its use in the Arnold Arboretum at Harvard University in Massachusetts . Yellowroot is considered an endangered species in Florida .

Kaido started his videogaming career at Taito in 1987 , where he worked as project leader and lead game designer on arcade titles Bonze Adventure , Night Striker , Champion Wrestler , Cameltry , Sonic Blast Man , Warrior Blade and Dead Connection . Kaido then changed departments to work on the world 's very first Home Karaoke Console , the X55 ( presently called MEDIA BOX ) from its very beginnings . In 1996 , he then worked as the project leader and lead game designer for coin - op game Cleopatra Fortune . In 1997 , Kaido left Taito and joined Sony Computer Entertainment Inc. There he started working on the game Ape Escape as its lead game designer and associate producer . Most recently , Kaido worked as product manager and producer for Ico in 2001 , and Shadow of the Colossus in 2005 . He left Sony in August 2012 .

Marcia Ingram Jones Smoke ( born July 18 , 1941 ) is an American sprint canoer . She competed at the 1964 , 1968 and 1972 Olympics and won a bronze medal in the K-1 500 m event in 1964 . A native of Oklahoma City , Oklahoma , Jones graduated from Michigan State University . She won three gold medals at the 1967 Pan American Games and a record 35 national championships and 24 North American championships . Her husband , William Smoke , finished fourth in the second repechage event of the K-4 1000 m at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo . Jones ' son , Jeff , finished seventh in the K-2 1000 m semifinal at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens . Her sister , the late Sperry Rademaker , finished seventh in the K-2 500 m event at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City .

Delaware Valley Regional High School is a regional , four - year public high school and school district , that serves students in western Hunterdon County , New Jersey , United States . The high school is located in Alexandria Township . Students hail from the townships of Alexandria , Holland and Kingwood along with the boroughs of Frenchtown and Milford . As of the 2015 - 16 school year , the school had an enrollment of 883 students and 70.5 classroom teachers ( on an FTE basis ) , for a student – teacher ratio of 12.5:1 . There were 54 students ( 6.1 % of enrollment ) eligible for free lunch and 21 ( 2.4 % of students ) eligible for reduced - cost lunch . The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group " GH " , the third - highest of eight groupings . District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts . From lowest socioeconomic status to highest , the categories are A , B , CD , DE , FG , GH , I and J.

Howell Works ( later the Howell Works Company ) was a bog iron - based production facility for pig iron which was established in New Jersey in the early 19th century by American engineer and philanthropist James P. Allaire . It is notable as one of the earliest American examples of a company town . Allaire purchased the Howell Works property to provide pig iron for his Allaire Iron Works in New York , which was at the time a leading manufacturer of marine steam engines . The Howell Works also manufactured its own lines of cast iron products . Allaire eventually transformed the Howell Works into an almost completely self - sufficient community , with its own housing and food supply for the workforce , its own post office , church , school and company store , even its own currency . After bog iron was made redundant by the increasing availability of iron ore , Allaire closed the Howell Works and eventually retired there with his family . The property remained in private hands until being bequeathed to the state in 1941 . Today , the Howell Works is a registered historic site known as Allaire Village .

Caren Zeldie Turner is a Democratic lobbyist and former commissioner of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey who received national media attention in 2018 after a video was released showing her berating police officers at a traffic stop and announcing she was a " friend of the mayor " . The former commissioner is also a political consultant and the founder and CEO of Turner Government & Public Affairs , a government affairs firm . She served on Hillary Clinton 's national finance team and is a co - chairman of the Financial Committee for Ready for Hillary , a super PAC created to draft Clinton for the 2016 U.S. Presidential Election . Turner has been featured on Fox Business as a correspondent on Washington lobbying . She is also an attorney with Potomac Law Group and a former adjunct professor at George Washington University ’s Graduate School of Political Management .

Dong ( ) is a 2006 documentary film by Chinese director , Jia Zhangke . It is the companion piece to Jia 's Still Life , which was released concurrently although Dong was reputedly conceived of first . The film , which runs a relatively short 66 minutes , follows the artist and actor Liu Xiaodong as he invites Jia to film him while he paints a group of laborers near the Three Gorges Dam ( also the subject of Still Life ) and later a group of women in Bangkok . The film was produced and distributed by Jia 's own production company , Xstream Pictures , based out of Hong Kong and Beijing . Dong was screened at the 2006 Venice International Film Festival as part of its " Horizons " Program , and as part of the 2006 Toronto International Film Festival 's " Real - to - Reel " Program . Dong was filmed in HD digital video .

Georgy Fotev ( ) ( born August 24 , 1941 ) is a Bulgarian sociologist . His scientific works are in the areas of theory and history of sociology and the disciplinary fields of modern sociology . The focus of the research interests of G.Fotev is the nature of sociology as a multiple paradigm science . Another major theme in the works of Georgy Fotev is the dialogue as a base and horizon of multiple paradigm sociology . Georgy Fotev has publications in the fields of historical sociology , sociology of politics , ethnosociology , the crisis of legitimacy , sociology of values , etc . His books " The long night of communism in Bulgaria " and " Bulgarian melancholy " throw light on the dramatic fate of the Bulgarian national society . Georgy Fotev was Minister of Education and Science ( 1991 - 1992 ) . He is professor emeritus of New Bulgarian University . In 2003 he was awarded the Distinguished Service Award from the American University in Bulgaria .

Liberty is a borough in Allegheny County , Pennsylvania , United States . The population was 2,551 at the 2010 census . The mayor of Liberty is currently Jane Weigand . Liberty does not have its own post office . The zip code is 15133 , and mail is addressed to the city of McKeesport . Liberty is part of the South Allegheny School District , along with Glassport , Lincoln , and Port Vue , and is home to the district 's high school and early childhood center . Liberty was at one time part of Port Vue but gained its " liberty " from Port Vue in 1912 , thus the origin of the name of the town . Locals tend to refer to the town as " Liberty Borough " or " Liberty Boro , " rather than just as " Liberty . "

The Gossler family ( also spelled Goßler , historically also Gosler ) , including the Berenberg - Gossler branch , is a Hanseatic and partially noble banking family from Hamburg . The family is descended from weavers and burghers in the city - republic of Hamburg , and rose to great prominence in Hamburg in the late 18th century as a result of Johann Hinrich Gossler 's marriage to Elisabeth Berenberg , the last member of the Belgian - origined Berenberg family and the sole heir to Berenberg Bank . Through marriage , the family thus became the main owners of the bank , which has legally been named Joh . Berenberg , Gossler & Co. since 1791 . Since the late 18th century the family has been widely regarded as one of the two most prominent Hanseatic families of Hamburg , alongside the closely related Amsinck family . A branch of the Gossler family was granted the name Berenberg - Gossler by the Hamburg Senate in 1880 and was later — controversially in the republic of Hamburg , which did not recognise the concept of nobility — conferred baronial rank by the Kingdom of Prussia . Several family members served as senators in Hamburg in the 19th and early 20th century , and Hermann Gossler was head of state in 1874 . Richard J. Evans describes the family as one of Hamburg 's " great business families . " The Gossler Islands in Antarctica are named in honour of the family .

The crann - nan - gad was a type of plough formerly used in the Western Isles of Scotland . It was one of the earliest types of plough used in Hebridean crofting , and consisted of a small crooked piece of wood with an iron tip at one end and a top - mounted handle or stilt ( thus , a single - stilted plough ) . Its curving coulter and sock were both made of iron . It could be drawn by up to four horses , although one or two were more usual . The design of the crann - nan - gad was specifically related to the environmental conditions of Hebridean farms , facilitating paring and skimming of the shallow soil . The plough 's tip could run along the ground , which enabled its user to lift it over large stones embedded in the earth . It was widely used in the larger Hebridean islands , speading from Harris to Lewis in the mid-18th century . In addition to Lewis and Harris , it was also used on the Uists and Barra . Its use survived into the 20th century in the parish of Barvas on Lewis . A single example of the crann - nan - gad is preserved in the collections of the National Museum of Scotland .

The Gouina Hydroelectric Plant is a run - of - the - river - type hydroelectric installation currently being constructed on Gouina Falls along the Senegal River in Mali . It is located about southeast of Diamou in the Kayes Region . It is the fourth project of the Senegal River Basin Development Authority and its ground - breaking ceremony on 17 December 2013 was attended by the heads of state of each member country . Mauritanian President Mohamed Ould Abdel Aziz laid the foundation stone . Preliminary construction had been suspended due to the 2012 Malian coup d'état and subsequent Northern Mali conflict . The plant is expected to be complete in 2017 and will provide power to Mauritania , Mali and Senegal . The plant will cost US$ 329 million and the of transmission lines will cost US$ 65 million . The project is receiving 85 percent of its funding from the Exim Bank of China along with US$ 1 million from the EU - Africa Infrastructure Trust Fund and US$ 1.4 million from the International Development Association and European Investment Bank . It will have an installed capacity of and will use the outflows of the Manantali Dam upstream to regulation water flow into the plant . A long weir just above the water fall will direct water into a channel which will feed the power house just downstream of the falls . The power house will contain three 46.6 MW Kaplan turbine - generators . The difference in elevation the water fall and weir provide will afford a hydraulic head ( water drop ) of .

Ram Awana ( Born in Noida , India to a Gurjar family ) is an Indian film and television actor . He is known for his roles in Jungle , Mission Kashmir , Zameen , and Aalha Udal . He appeared in National Award winning films such as Lahore and Baaja , directed by Apurba Kishore Bir . He is also known for television shows such as Jai Shri Krishna , Dwarkadheesh – Bhagwaan Shree Krishn , Tere Mere Sapne , Life Lafde Aur Bandiyan , Shri Prannathji , , Sarojini - Ek Nayi Pehal , Crime Patrol , Balika Vadhu , Gutur Gu , Adaalat , CID , Durga and many more . He has worked in more than 200 Hindi TV shows . He appeared in a German feature film , Best Chance , by Marcus H. Rosenmüller in 2014 . Kesari " is one of the upcoming movies of Ram .

Developmentalism is an economic theory which states that the best way for less developed economies to develop is through fostering a strong and varied internal market and imposing high tariffs on imported goods . Developmentalism is a cross - disciplinary school of thought that gave way to an ideology of development as the key strategy towards economic prosperity . The school of thought was , in part , a reaction to the United States’ struggle to contain communism and deal with national liberation movements throughout Asia and Africa . Developmentalism in the international economic context can be understood as consisting of a set of ideas which converge to place economic development at the center of political endeavors and institutions and also as a means through which to establish legitimacy in the political sphere . Adherents to the theory of developmentalism hold that the development of economic success in developing nations ( particularly in Latin America and East Asia ) grants legitimate leadership to political figures who would not otherwise have the benefit of a social consensus regarding who should lead and how they should do conduct themselves in the international sphere . Developmentalists believe that national autonomy for ' Third World ' countries can be achieved and maintained through the utilization of external resources by those countries in a capitalist system . To those professed ends , developmentalism was the paradigm used in an attempt to reverse the negative impact that the international economy was having on developing countries in the 1950s – 60s , at the time during which Latin American countries had begun to implement import substitution strategies . Using this theory , economic development is framed by modern - day Western criteria : economic success is gauged in terms of capitalistic notions of what it means for a country to become developed , autonomous , and legitimate . The theory is based on the assumption that not only are there similar stages to development for all countries but also that there is a linear movement from one stage to another that goes from traditional or primitive to modern or industrialized . Though initially the preserve of emerging economies in the Asia Pacific area , Latin America and Africa , the notion of developmentalism has resurfaced more recently in the developed world - notably in the economic planks of ' unorthodox ' policy makers such as Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders in the United States .

Khalil Joseph Nepomuceno Ramos ( born January 22 , 1996 ) , known professionally as Khalil Ramos , is a Filipino actor and singer . In July 2011 , he won second place on Pilipinas Got Talent , a reality talent show in ABS - CBN and became a recording artist under Star Magic . In 2012 , he was cast in his first teleserye project , Princess and I , top - billing with Kathryn Bernardo , Daniel Padilla and Enrique Gil . From 2013 to 2016 , he appeared in supporting roles in a string of films such as She 's Dating the Gangster , Kid Kulafu , A Second Chance , Honor Thy Father and Everything About Her . His first starring role came as Felix Salonga in the 2016 critically acclaimed coming - of - age film 2 Cool 2 Be 4gotten . He has since been cast in recurring roles the drama A Love to Last ( 2017 ) and fantasy series La Luna Sangre ( 2017 – 18 ) . He also starred in indie films such as Riding In Tandem opposite Jason Abalos , released in select cinemas in the Philippines from October 13–19 , 2017 . It was announced that he was cast in thriller drama Kasunduan which also stars Joey Marquez , Joem Bascon and Ejay Falcon , set to be released in 2018 .

Sāfī ( Sāpai ; plur . ساپي Sāpī ) is a major branch of the greater Ghurghakhti Pashtun tribe . The Safi tribe comprises a majority in the Pech Valley of Kunar and are present in significant numbers in Parwan Province ( Kohi Safi ) , Kapisa Province , Kabul Province , Laghman Province , Nuristan Province and the whole of Kunar Province . A reasonable majority of those who were living on the Durand Line migrated since 1900 into the different urban and rural areas of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , particularly Peshawar , Charsadda , Mardan , Nowshehra , Swabi . A large number also settled in Rawalpindi , Tarnol , Lahore , Multan . They are also present in large number in Mohmand , Bajaur Agency , Federally Administered Tribal Areas and in Zhob District , Balochistan , Pakistan .

The Wayne State University College of Engineering is responsible for all engineering related programs at Wayne State University . With alumni of the college totaling over 25,000 , it is one of the premier engineering colleges in Michigan along with being in the top 30 % of the country . Founded in 1933 , the College of Engineering has grown to include a variety of programs ranging from civil engineering , biomedical engineering , and many others . It is one of only 24 PACE partner labs in the country as well as being a leader in biomedical engineering . The College of Engineering is located in the Wayne State campus in Detroit . It is located in the College of Engineering building which is shared with the Danto Engineering Development Center . The current Dean of Engineering is Dr. Farshad Fotouhi .

Hit Records was a record company based in Nashville , Tennessee , which specialized in sound - alike cover versions of hit records . Founded in 1962 by Bill Beasley , Hit Records were sold in dime stores for 39¢ ( US ) , less than half the price of the hit recordings they were covering . Located in Nashville , the home base for the country music recording business in the United States , the company had a pool of talented singers and musicians to record the cover songs . Some of these performers would later become successful on their own such as Sandy Posey , Ray Stevens , Bobby Russell and Sam Moore of Sam & Dave . The company folded in 1969 due to competition from record companies such as K - Tel which issued various artists compilation albums featuring the actual hit recordings licensed from the various record companies . Many Hit Records are very collectable and some of the performers on these recordings have developed their own fan base .

" My Gift Is You " is a song recorded by American singer and songwriter Gwen Stefani for her fourth studio album , You Make It Feel Like Christmas ( 2017 ) . It was released digitally on October 6 , 2017 , along with the rest of the parent album , through Interscope Records . The track was written by Stefani , Justin Tranter , and Busbee while production was handled by Busbee and Eric Valentine . Musically , the track is a Christmas song that contains elements of pop - soul music . The lyrics revolve around Stefani 's relationship with boyfriend Blake Shelton and deal with choosing love over materialism . It is one of the most personal tracks on You Make It Feel Like Christmas . Several music critics listed " My Gift Is You " as one of the highlights included on the parent album . Commercially , it peaked at number six on both Billboards Holiday Digital Songs and Holiday Digital Song Sales charts in the United States . " My Gift Is You " was performed during the 2017 NBC television special Gwen Stefani 's You Make It Feel Like Christmas .

Andreas ( Andres ) Berlin ( 20 May 1746 – 12 June 1773 ) was a naturalist , one of the " apostles of Linnaeus " , though not among the more successful . The son of Henrik Berlin ( 1704 – 1781 ) and his wife Anna Catharina Hellström ( 1711 – 1799 ) , Berlin matriculated at Uppsala University 13 February 1765 and studied there with Carl Linnaeus in 1767 - 68 and with professor of medicine Jonas Sidrén in 1768 – 1769 , before travelling to London with a Stiegler fellowship , to find a botanical expedition he could join . In the meantime he assisted Sir Joseph Banks and Banks 's assistant Daniel Solander , another of Linnaeus ' " apostles " . In 1773 Berlin travelled to Guinea with the English botanist Henry Smeathman . The purpose of the expedition , which was sponsored by members of the Royal Society , was to explore the central parts of West Africa but prior to reaching the mainland , Berlin died of a stomach illness while on the Îles de Los . Before his death , Berlin managed to send a few plants to Linnaeus .

The Prime Minister of Vietnam ( ) , officially styled Prime Minister of the Government of the Socialist Republic ( ) , is the head of government of Vietnam who presides over the meetings of the Central Government ( formerly the Council of Ministers ) . The prime minister directs the work of government members , and may propose deputy prime ministers to the National Assembly . The head of government is responsible to the National Assembly and serves as the Deputy Chairman of the Council for Defence and Security . Moreover , prime minister is also Chairman of the Council for National Education , Standing Member of the Central Military Commission and the Central Police Party Committee . The tenure of a prime minister is five years , and the term is renewable once . The current prime minister Nguyễn Xuân Phúc has served since 2016 . In case of incapacity , a deputy prime minister assumes the office of acting prime minister until the prime minister resumes duty , or until the appointment of a new prime minister . The powers and prestige of the prime minister have varied through the years . Pham Van Dong , Vietnam 's second prime minister , often lamented that in practice he had little power . Since the death of Pham Hung in 1988 , the prime minister has been ranked 3rd in the order of precedence of the Communist Party 's Politburo , the highest decision - making body in Vietnam .

Nadiya Jamir Hussain ( née Begum ; born 25 December 1984 ) is a British TV Chef , author and television presenter . She rose to fame after winning the sixth series of BBC 's The Great British Bake Off in 2015 . Since winning , she signed contracts with the BBC to host the documentary The Chronicles of Nadiya , TV cookery series , Nadiya 's British Food Adventure and Nadiya ’s Family Favourites , co - presented The Big Family Cooking Showdown , and regular contributor on The One Show . Nadiya is a columnist for The Times Magazine , and has signed publishing deals with Penguin Random House , Hodder Children 's Books , and Harlequin . She has appeared as a guest panellist on ITV 's Loose Women . She was invited to bake a cake for the 90th birthday celebrations of Queen Elizabeth II . In 2017 , Hussain was named by Debrett 's as one of the 500 most influential people in the UK and was on BBC News ' 100 Women list . In 2017 , Hussain was shortlisted for Children ’s Book of the Year prize at the British Book Awards for Bake Me A Story and was nominated for Breakthrough star at the Royal Television Society Awards for The Chronicles of Nadiya .

Mill Creek Mountain is a continuous mountain ridge that runs northeast through Hampshire and Hardy counties in the Eastern Panhandle region of the U.S. state of West Virginia . Rising to its greatest elevation of at High Knob , Mill Creek is a folded mountain ridge , belonging to the Ridge - and - Valley Appalachians . Mill Creek Mountain forms the western edge of the South Branch Potomac River Valley and is named for Mill Creek that carves through it at Mechanicsburg Gap allowing the Northwestern Turnpike ( U.S. Route 50 ) to pass through as well . Along with Sawmill Ridge ( 1,716 feet/523 m ) , Mill Creek Mountain forms the Trough along the South Branch . Hanging Rocks at Wappocomo , south of Springfield , are located on the northern edge of the gap in Mill Creek Mountain formed by the South Branch .

France is a country whose territory consists of metropolitan France in western Europe , as well as several overseas regions and territories . A member of the Group of 7 ( formerly G8 ) leading industrialised countries , , it is ranked as the world 's ninth - largest and the EU 's second - largest economy by purchasing power parity . With 31 of the 500 biggest companies in the world in 2015 , France ranks fourth in the Fortune Global 500 , ahead of Germany and the UK . According to the World Trade Organization ( WTO ) , in 2009 France was the world 's sixth - largest exporter and the fourth - largest importer of manufactured goods . French companies have maintained key positions in the insurance and banking industries : AXA is the world 's largest insurance company . The leading French banks are BNP Paribas and the Crédit Agricole , ranking as the world 's largest and sixth - largest banks in 2010 ( by assets ) , while the Société Générale group was ranked the world 's eighth - largest in 2009 . For further information on the types of business entities in this country and their abbreviations , see " Business entities in France " .

The Sheffield School of Architecture is an architecture school in Sheffield , England , and part of the University of Sheffield . It is located on the top six floors of the Arts Tower . The Times and Sunday Times Good University Guide 2015 placed SSoA among the top two schools of architecture in the UK ( up from 3rd in the Times 2014 Guide ) . The school was rated 2nd by architectural practices in the Architects Journal , AJ100 2014 list of the best schools of architecture in the UK . It has a strong social and political agenda . It is one of the longest established architecture schools in the UK , having opened in 1908 . It has courses accredited by the Architects Registration Board ( ARB ) and the Royal Institute of British Architects ( RIBA ) . In the Research Excellence Framework ( REF ) 2014 SSoA ranked 4th in the UK . It also has an active student society ( SUAS ) .

The Office of Global Women 's Issues is located within the United States Department of State , and is headed by the Ambassador - at - Large for Global Women 's Issues , as of September 2013 , Catherine M. Russell . Melanne Verveer was the first Ambassador - at - Large for Global Women 's Issues . The Office of Global Women 's Issues works to ensure that the rights of women and girls are fully integrated into the formulation and conduct of United States foreign policy . Working with the White House , USAID , the Department of Defense , and other agencies , as well as with civil society and the private sector , the Department of State has launched multiple and wide - ranging global initiatives to promote women ’s social and economic development , integrate women into peace and security building , address and prevent gender - based violence , and ensure women ’s full participation in civic and political life . The Obama Administration made advancing the status of women and girls a central element of U.S. foreign policy , as articulated in the Quadrennial Diplomacy and Development Review and the Department of State ’s Policy Guidance on Promoting Gender Equality to Achieve Our National Security and Foreign Policy Objectives . Further , on January 30 , 2013 , President Obama signed a Presidential Memorandum on gender equality , ensuring that an Ambassador - at - Large for Global Women ’s Issues will continue to play a leading role in U.S. efforts to advance women ’s rights around the world . And in March 2016 , the Obama Administration launched the U.S. Global Strategy to Empower Adolescent Girls , to protect the rights of this age group via international legal and policy frameworks . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton noted in connection with the Office of Global Women 's Issues , " When the Security Council passed Resolution 1325 , we tried to make a very clear statement , that women are still largely shut out of the negotiations that seek to end conflicts , even though women and children are the primary victims of 21st century conflict . " Secretary of State John Kerry said " No country can get ahead if it leaves half of its people behind . This is why the United States believes gender equality is critical to our shared goals of prosperity , stability , and peace , and why investing in women and girls worldwide is critical to U.S. foreign policy . " Women 's issues are also a major focus of the United Nations Organization .

The Madrassa of Al - Nasir Muhammad is a madrassa and mausoleum located in the Bayn al - Qasrayn region of Cairo , Egypt . Part of the larger Qalawun complex , it was built in the name of the Mamluk sultan Al - Nasir Muhammad ibn Qalawun , but its construction began in 1296 under the reign of Sultan Al - Adil Kitbugha , who was sultan in between Al - Nasir Muhammad 's first and seconds reigns . When Al - Nasir Muhammad returned to the throne in 1299 he oversaw its construction until its completion in 1303 . The Islamic historian Al - Nuwayri records that Al - Adil Kitbugha built the mausoleum along with the prayer iwan , and Al - Nasir Muhammad completed the construction of the building and added the minaret . Also , the Islamic historian Al - Maqrizi reports that Al - Adil Kitbugha oversaw construction of the building up to the top of the inscription band , and Al - Nasir Muhammad carried out the rest of its construction .

House IV , also known as House IV : The Reposession , is a 1992 direct - to - video comedy horror film directed by Lewis Abernathy , produced by Sean S. Cunningham and Debbie Hayn - Cass , and written by Geoff Miller and Deidre Higgins . It is the third and final entry in the House series , following House and . House III : The Horror Show was not a direct sequel , only being loosely connected to the other films through the sharing of some crew members and the killer haunting a house premise . The film sees the return of Roger Cobb from the original House film , but the film otherwise does not connect its storyline to the first film . Kane Hodder was the stunt coordinator on the film .

The Snowy Mountains scheme or Snowy scheme is a hydroelectricity and irrigation complex in south - east Australia . The Scheme consists of sixteen major dams ; seven power stations ; one pumping station ; and of tunnels , pipelines and aqueducts that were constructed between 1949 and 1974 . The Scheme was completed under the supervision of Chief Engineer , Sir William Hudson and is the largest engineering project undertaken in Australia . The water of the Snowy River and some of its tributaries , much of which formerly flowed southeast onto the river flats of East Gippsland , and into Bass Strait of the Tasman sea , is captured at high elevations and diverted inland to the Murray and Murrumbidgee Rivers irrigation areas , through two major tunnel systems driven through the Continental Divide of the Snowy Mountains , known in Australia as the Great Dividing Range . The water falls and travels through large hydro - electric power stations which generate peak - load power for the Australian Capital Territory , New South Wales and Victoria . In 2016 , the Snowy Mountains Scheme was added to the Australian National Heritage List .

François Grin ( born 14 September 1959 ) is a Swiss economist . One of his research fields is the economics of language . Grin studied economics at the University of Geneva , where he obtained a doctorate summa cum laude in 1989 . He then was a teacher at the universities of Montreal and Washington ( in Seattle ) , assistant professor at the University of Geneva and vice - director of the European Centre for Minority Issues in Flensburg , Germany . Since 2001 he is a visiting professor at the University of Lugano , in 2003 he became professor at the University of Geneva . In his research , he studies the linguistic situation in Switzerland and in the European Union and its economic consequences . He is the author of a 2005 report entitled L'enseignement des langues étrangères comme politique publique ( The teaching of foreign languages as a public policy ) , best known as Grin 's Report . In this document , Grin indicates that the choice of Esperanto as a bridge language for Europe would lead to an annual saving of 25 billion euros . He also suggested a language tax to compensate for the drawbacks of countries whose language is not widespread . Grin has also studied the case of Kalmyk , a minority language in Russia .

Péter Olajos ( born 18 April 1968 in Budapest ) is a Hungarian ( conservative green ) politician . From 2004 to 2009 he was a Member of the European Parliament ( MEP ) with the Hungarian Democratic Forum , part of the European People 's Party . He sat on the European Parliament 's Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety , later he was member second Orban Government , responsible for Green Economy Development and Climate Policy . He was the Hungarian Delegation Leader in Cancun on UNFCCC COP-16 , and a head of the Hungarian Climate Team under the Hungarian EU Presidency in 2011 . In the European Parliament , Olajos was a substitute for the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection , a member of the Delegation to the EU - Kazakhstan , EU - Kyrgyzstan and EU - Uzbekistan Parliamentary Cooperation Committees , and for relations with Tajikistan , Turkmenistan and Mongolia and a substitute for the Delegation to the EU - Romania Joint Parliamentary Committee . In the Government as Deputy State Secretary Olajos 's main responsibilities were : Climate Policy , Clean Energy and Energy Efficiency , Building Retrofitting Programs , Green Innovations and Sustainable Development

Mikhail Naumovich Epstein (; or Epshtein , born April 21 , 1950 ) is a Russian - American literary theorist and critical thinker . Mikhail Epstein is Samuel Candler Dobbs Professor of Cultural Theory and Russian Literature at Emory University , USA . He worked as Professor of Russian and Cultural Theory at Durham University , UK , in 2012 – 2015 . He moved from the USSR ( Moscow ) to the USA ( Atlanta ) in 1990 and from the USA to England ( Durham ) in 2012 and then back to Atlanta , to resume teaching at Emory , in 2015 . He was founder and director of Centre for Humanities Innovation at Durham University ( 2012 – 2015 ) . His areas of specialization include postmodernism , cultural and literary theory ; the history of Russian literature ( particularly Pushkin , Gogol , Dostoevsky , Platonov and 20th century poetry ) and intellectual history ; contemporary philosophical and religious thought ; new methods and interdisciplinary approaches in the humanities ; semiotics , language evolution and neologisms ; and ideas and electronic media . Professor Epstein is also an expert on Russian philosophy of the 19th and 20th century and on thinkers like Nikolai Berdyaev . He writes essays on cultural , social , ethical and international issues .

The Missouri Photo Workshop is an annual week - long photojournalism school based in Lee Hills Hall at the Missouri School of Journalism in Columbia , Missouri . Founded in 1949 by the " Father of Photojournalism " Cliff Edom along with American economist , federal government official , and photographer Roy Stryker and photographer Russell Lee , the workshop originally sought to instruct others in photojournalism based on the " gritty , content - rich photographs " produced by the pre - World War II ( pre-1939 ) Farm Security Administration , a United States government effort during the Great Depression to combat American rural poverty . Following Edom 's credo - " Show truth with a camera . Ideally truth is a matter of personal integrity . In no circumstances will a posed or faked photograph be tolerated . " - each workshop originates in a different small town in Missouri , which is used as a backdrop for attendees from the United States and other countries to work on photograph storytelling methods such as research , observation , and timing . Missouri Photo Workshop faculty members have included the White House 's first photo editor and NPPA Picture Editor of the Year Sandra Eisert and other prominent photojournalists .

West Cornwall is a name used to refer to the westernmost part of Cornwall in the United Kingdom . It is also used by Cornwall Council and Cornwall Housing as part of their resource allocation and area management plans , in which Cornwall is divided into three sections , west , central and east . The South West Coast Path also uses West Cornwall to describe its westernmost parts . West Cornwall covers the area of the Penwith and Kerrier districts , stopping at Carrick which is central Cornwall . Some maps show West Cornwall as covering a smaller area , ending at a line between Hayle and Helston , making West Cornwall the distinct landform at the very South - Western tip of Cornwall . News outlets often use West Cornwall without any obvious correlation to either way of defining the area , but simply to refer to anywhere west of Truro . West Cornwall Hospital is located in Penzance , West Cornwall . Penzance , St Ives , Hayle , Helston and Land 's End are notable places located in West Cornwall .

Ari Lohenoja ( born May 13 , 1958 in Helsinki ) is a Finnish businessperson who has made a career in the music and television businesses . Since mid-2000s , he works for the Finnish Defence Forces as their marketing communications expert . After finishing his Master 's degree at the Turku School of Economics , Lohenoja made a 15-year career as marketing executive at the Finnish branches of international record companies CBS Records , Warner Music and Sony Music . He took care of record promotion for artists such as Kaija Koo , Taikapeili , and Aki Sirkesalo . In 1998 he became managing director of StoryFilm , a production company striving to expand from TV commercials into television shows . In 1999 , he directed and produced Aaken ja Sakun kesäkeittiö , a cookery TV series for MTV3 , working with actors such as Aake Kalliala and Sakari Kuosmanen . In the early 2000s , Lohenoja held executive positions at TV production houses Fremantle Media and Filmiteollisuus Fine before becoming marketing specialist at the Finnish Defence Forces .

Farmstead cheese , less commonly known as farmhouse cheese , is produced from the milk collected on the same farm where the cheese is produced . Unlike artisan cheese , which may also include milk purchased and transported from off - farm sources , farmstead cheese makers only use milk from animals they raise . According to the American Cheese Society , " milk used in the production of farmstead cheeses may not be obtained from any outside source " . As a result , the cheeses produced often have unique flavors owing to the farm 's local terroir . Most farmstead cheese is produced from cow , goat or sheep milk , although some farmstead cheeses are produced from water buffalo milk ( mainly Buffalo mozzarella ) . Farmstead cheeses are most often made on family farms in small batches and is often sold at local farmers ' markets . While Europe has long had a very strong tradition of farmstead cheese - making , it is only in the last decades of the 20th century that farmstead cheese - making began to return to prominence in North America . In the United States , the top states for farmstead cheesmaking include Vermont , California , and Wisconsin , although farmstead cheese is growing rapidly in other states , like Georgia , as well . North Carolina is another state that has recently gained accolades for its farmstead cheeses , even creating the WNC Cheese Trail .

Humber was a provincial electoral district ( riding ) in Ontario , Canada . It was created prior to the 1955 provincial election from parts of the York West and York South ridings . It was eliminated in 1996 , when most of its territory was incorporated into the ridings of Etobicoke Centre and Etobicoke — Lakeshore . Humber was located in the municipalities of York , Toronto , and Etobicoke . The riding went through two name changes and several boundary changes during its lifetime . From 1955 to 1963 it was known as York — Humber and existed mostly on the east side of the Humber River . From 1963 to 1987 it was known as Humber , and in 1987 it was changed to Etobicoke - Humber . From 1963 onwards it was mostly on the west side of the river .

Norodom Suramarit ( ) ( 6 March 1896 – 3 April 1960 ) was King of Cambodia from 1955 until his death in 1960 . He was the father of King Norodom Sihanouk and the grandfather of Cambodia 's current king , Norodom Sihamoni . Suramarit was born in Phnom Penh . He was the son of Prince Norodom Sutharot and grandson of King Norodom . Suramarit 's father Sutharot was a cousin of King Sisowath Monivong ; Monivong 's father , King Sisowath , was the brother and successor of King Norodom . Suramarit became Monivong 's son - in - law when he married Monivong 's daughter Sisowath Kosamak . Upon Monivong 's death in 1941 , Sihanouk , Suramarit 's son and Monivong 's grandson , was selected as the new king . In 1955 , Sihanouk abdicated in favor of his father . Following Suramarit 's death in 1960 , Sihanouk became head of state once more ( although he did not formally regain the title of king until 1993 ) . Suramarit was given the posthumous title of Preah Karuna Preah Norodom Suramarit Preah Moha Kachanakkot . His wife Queen Sisowath Kosamak remained Queen Mother after her husband 's death .

The Committee of Public Safety ( ) , created in April 1793 by the National Convention and then restructured in July 1793 , formed the de facto executive government in France during the Reign of Terror ( 1793 – 1794 ) , a stage of the French Revolution . The Committee of Public Safety succeeded the previous Committee of General Defence ( established in January 1793 ) and assumed its role of protecting the newly established republic against foreign attacks and internal rebellion . As a wartime measure , the Committee — composed at first of nine and later of twelve members — was given broad supervisory powers over military , judicial and legislative efforts . It was formed as an administrative body to supervise and expedite the work of the executive bodies of the Convention and of the government ministers appointed by the Convention . As the Committee tried to meet the dangers of a coalition of European nations and counter - revolutionary forces within the country , it became more and more powerful . Following the defeat at the Convention of the Girondins in July 1793 , a prominent Jacobin identified as a radical , Maximilien Robespierre , was added to the Committee . The power of the Committee peaked between August 1793 and July 1794 . In December 1793 , the Convention formally conferred executive power upon the Committee . The execution of Robespierre in July 1794 represented a reactionary period against the Committee of Public Safety . This became known as the Thermidorian Reaction , as Robespierre 's fall from power occurred during the month of Thermidor in the French Republican calendar . The Committee 's influence diminished and it was abolished in 1795 .

Scouting in Texas has a long history , from the 1910s to the present day , serving thousands of youth in programs that suit the environment in which they live . Scouting , also known as the Scout Movement , is a worldwide youth movement with the stated aim of supporting young people in their physical , mental and spiritual development , so that they may play constructive roles in society . Scouting for boys in Texas is primarily represented by the Boy Scouts of America , or BSA . Texas is home to the BSA National Headquarters in Irving , Texas . The Boy Scouts of America in Texas are organized into 20 local councils . Scouting for girls in Texas is primarily represented by the Girl Scouts of the USA , organized into eight local councils .

Carin Mannheimer ( born Karin Birgitta Jacobson ; 17 August 1934 – 11 July 2014 ) was a Swedish dramatist , screenwriter , author and film director , born in Osby , Sweden . She garnered acclaim with Rapport om kvinnor ( swedish : Report on Women ) , which was published in 1969 . The book is a collection of interviews with Swedish women from the working class . This was during a time period of awakening feminism in Sweden when women were assumed to want to work outside the home . The interviews , however , revealed that many women did not want to work outside the home , would have preferred to care for their children but had no economic choice . For this reason , Mannheimer was criticized by the women 's movement in Sweden , and the book established her reputation as a social critic .

The Legislative Assembly of Lower Canada was the lower house of the bicameral structure of provincial government in Lower Canada until 1838 . The legislative assembly was created by the Constitutional Act of 1791 . The lower house consisted of elected legislative councillors who created bills to be passed up to the Legislative Council of Lower Canada , whose members were appointed by the governor general . The lower house was dissolved on March 27 , 1838 following the Lower Canada Rebellion and Lower Canada was administered by an appointed Special Council . With the Act of Union in 1840 , a new lower chamber , the Legislative Assembly of Canada , was created for both Upper and Lower Canada which existed until 1867 , when the Legislative Assembly of Quebec was created .

Zork Nemesis : The Forbidden Lands is a 1996 graphic adventure game , developed by Zombie LLC and published by Activision . It is the eleventh game in the Zork series , and the first such title not to appear under the Infocom label . It features a darker , less comical story within the Zork setting . The story focuses on players investigating the sudden disappearance of four prominent figures and their children to the hands of a mysterious being known as the " Nemesis " , and uncovering a sinister plot during their investigations that they must thwart . The game was released for Windows 95 , and ported to MS - DOS and Macintosh by Quicksilver Software . The MS - DOS version has since been released by GOG on their website , who made it compatible for use with Windows XP , Windows Vista , Windows 7 , Windows 8 , and Windows 10 .

Eat Your Face is the eighth album by the Huntington Beach , California punk rock band Guttermouth , released in 2004 by Epitaph Records and Volcom Entertainment . It was hailed as a " return to form " after the stylistic experimentations of 2002 's Gusto , going back to the band 's tried - and - true style of fast , abrasive punk rock with tongue - in - cheek humor and sarcastic lyrics . The album marked a period of transition for the band , whose founding guitarist Eric Davis had left the group early in 2004 and been replaced by Donald Horne . It was also their only album with bassist Kevin Clark , and their last with longtime drummer Ty Smith . Lyrically it retained the band ’s sense of biting sarcasm and expressed dissatisfaction with the U.S. electoral system and the current state of punk rock in the mainstream , amongst other topics . In the summer of 2004 Guttermouth embarked on the Vans Warped Tour in support of Eat Your Face . However , the band 's outrageous behavior and propensity for stirring up controversy soon led to problems on the tour . Singer Mark Adkins would often openly insult other acts from onstage , and the band members mocked the anti - Republican agenda of many of the tour 's performers by selling T - shirts and displaying banners that proclaimed support for President George W. Bush . After several weeks the band abruptly left the tour , causing many rumors to circulate online and in the music press as to the reasons behind their departure , some claiming that they had been ejected and others that they had been asked to leave . Eventually Adkins issued a statement admitting that the band had left the tour voluntarily , due in part to his distate for the political atmosphere surrounding it . Eat Your Face was released jointly by Epitaph Records and Volcom Entertainment . It would be the band 's final recording for Epitaph , as they would move fully to Volcom for their next album , 2006 's Shave the Planet .

The Duchy of Nassau ( German : Herzogtum Nassau ) was an independent state between 1806 and 1866 , located in what is now the German states of Rhineland - Palatinate and Hesse . It was a member of the Confederation of the Rhine and later of the German Confederation . Its ruling dynasty , now extinct , was the House of Nassau . The duchy was named for its historical core city , Nassau , although Wiesbaden rather than Nassau was its capital . In 1865 , the Duchy of Nassau had 465,636 inhabitants . After being occupied and annexed into the Kingdom of Prussia in 1866 following the Austro - Prussian War , it was incorporated into the Province of Hesse - Nassau . The area today is a geographical and historical region , Nassau , and Nassau is also the name of the Nassau Nature Park within the borders of the former duchy . Today , the Grand Duke of Luxembourg still uses " Duke of Nassau " as his secondary title ( of pretense ) , and " Prince " or " Princess of Nassau " is used as a title of pretense by other members of the grand ducal family . Nassau is also part of the name of the Dutch royal family , which styles itself Orange - Nassau .

L'ultimo giorno di Pompei ( " The last day of Pompeii " ) is an opera ( dramma per musica ) in two acts composed by Giovanni Pacini to an Italian libretto by Andrea Leone Tottola . It premiered to great success at the Teatro San Carlo in Naples on 19 November 1825 followed by productions in the major opera houses of Italy , Austria , France , and Portugal . When Pacini 's popularity declined in the mid-19th century , the opera was all but forgotten until 1996 when it received its first performance in modern times at the Festival della Valle d'Itria in Martina Franca . L'ultimo giorno di Pompei influenced either directly or indirectly several other 19th - century works , most notably Karl Bryullov 's 1833 painting , The Last Day of Pompeii .

Big Star 's Third refers to a series of tribute concerts built on Big Star 's 1975 album Third / Sister Lovers . Regarded as a " lost masterpiece , " and described as " the soundtrack to a nervous breakdown , " the material from Third / Sister Lovers was first played live and fully orchestrated in December 2010 , when two dozen musicians performed it at the Cat 's Cradle in Carrboro , North Carolina . Since then , Big Star 's Third concerts have taken place in the United States , the UK , and Australia . Although the performers rotate from show to show , a core group of musicians , including Jody Stephens , Big Star 's original drummer , Mike Mills of R.E.M. , Chris Stamey from The dB 's , and Mitch Easter of Let 's Active have been involved in the majority of the Big Star 's Third shows .

TLA Releasing is a US film distribution company owned by TLA Entertainment Group . In March 2011 , a new LLC was formed for the operation . Its primary output is LGBT - related films from all over the world under the " TLA Releasing " label , as well as horror films under the label " Danger After Dark " . Since 2000 , they have released over 200 films on DVD and various VOD platforms . In 2005 , they opened a branch in the UK . In June 2011 , they announced " TLA Select " , a line of Blu - rays of TLA Releasing 's most popular films , including Latter Days , Another Gay Movie and Another Gay Sequel , Make the Yuletide Gay , and Boy Culture . In July 2011 , the UK division lost its entire inventory of DVDs when rioters in London burnt down a Sony warehouse . Sony rapidly worked to replenish the lost stock .

Petr Braiko ( 9 September 1919 – 7 April 2018 ) was a Soviet soldier during the Second World War who gained the status of Hero of the Soviet Union following the conflict . He took part in seven raids by the guerrilla brigade of Sydir Kovpak . Though he did not achieve his dream of a career as a military pilot he graduated from the Moscow Border Communication College . He entered action on June 22 , 1941 as a Soviet border guard on the border with Romania and witnessed the tragic encirclement and routing of Soviet forces near Kiev . He would come to spend years deep behind enemy lines where he took guidance from Soviet guerrilla leaders in Ukraine including Sydir Kovpak , Semyon Rudnev and Pyotr Vershigora .

Michael Morris Rosbash ( born March 7 , 1944 ) is an American geneticist and chronobiologist . Rosbash is a professor at Brandeis University and investigator at the Howard Hughes Medical Institute . Rosbash 's research group cloned the Drosophila period gene in 1984 and proposed the Transcription Translation Negative Feedback Loop for circadian clocks in 1990 . In 1998 , they discovered the cycle gene , clock gene , and cryptochrome photoreceptor in Drosophila through the use of forward genetics , by first identifying the phenotype of a mutant and then determining the genetics behind the mutation . Rosbash was elected to the National Academy of Sciences in 2003 . Along with Michael W. Young and Jeffrey C. Hall , he was awarded the 2017 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine " for their discoveries of molecular mechanisms controlling the circadian rhythm " .

Louis Alexander Slotin ( 1 December 1910   – 30 May 1946 ) was a Canadian physicist and chemist who took part in the Manhattan Project . He was born and raised in the North End of Winnipeg , Manitoba . After earning both his Bachelor of Science and Master of Science degrees from the University of Manitoba , Slotin attended King 's College London , where he obtained his doctorate in physical chemistry in 1936 . Afterwards , he joined the University of Chicago as a research associate to help design a cyclotron . In 1942 , he was invited to participate in the Manhattan Project . As part of the Manhattan Project , Slotin performed experiments with uranium and plutonium cores to determine their critical mass values . After World War II , Slotin continued his research at Los Alamos National Laboratory . On May 21 , 1946 , Slotin accidentally began a fission reaction , which released a burst of hard radiation . Slotin was rushed to the hospital , and died nine days later on May 30 , the victim of the second criticality accident in history , following the death of Harry Daghlian , who had been exposed to radiation by the same core that killed Slotin . Slotin was hailed as a hero by the United States government for reacting quickly enough to prevent the deaths of his colleagues . However , some physicists argue that this was a preventable accident . The accident and its aftermath have been dramatized in several fictional and non - fiction accounts .

Alfred Jarry (; 8 September 1873 – 1 November 1907 ) was a French symbolist writer who is best known for his play Ubu Roi ( 1896 ) . He also coined the term and philosophical concept of ' pataphysics . Jarry was born in Laval , Mayenne , France , and his mother was from Brittany . He was associated with the Symbolist movement . His play Ubu Roi is often cited as a forerunner of Dada , and to the Surrealist and Futurist movements of the 1920s and 1930 . Jarry wrote in a variety of hybrid genres and styles , prefiguring the postmodern . He wrote plays , novels , poetry , essays and speculative journalism . His texts are considered examples of absurdist literature and postmodern philosophy .

For the DC Comics super - villain , see Kite Man . " The State " is a fictional totalitarian world government in a future history that forms the back - story of three of Larry Niven 's novels : A World Out of Time ( 1976 ) , The Integral Trees ( 1984 ) , and The Smoke Ring ( 1987 ) . It is also the setting of two short stories , " Rammer " ( which became the first chapter of A World Out of Time ) and " The Kiteman " ( printed in N - Space ) as well as a stalled fourth novel , The Ghost Ships . After several years in development , Niven announced that The Ghost Ships would never be made , and wrote The Ringworld Throne instead . The novel would have focused on a race of self - aware natural Bussard ramjets birthed in the supernova that created Levoy 's Star and were returning to their place of birth to mate . According to Playgrounds of the Mind , Kendy and the kite - fliers from " The Kiteman " would have returned also .

The Basilica of Saint Mary in the Old Town historic district , of Alexandria , Virginia , ( United States ) and is a minor basilica and parish of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Arlington in Virginia . St. Mary 's Basilica is the oldest Roman Catholic church in the Commonwealth of Virginia and located in one of its oldest cities in Old Town Alexandria . It was founded in 1795 by the Very Reverend Francis Ignatius Neale , S.J. , first President of Georgetown University , ( then known as Georgetown College ) in present - day western Washington , D.C .. On December 6 , 2017 , Pope Francis designated the parish church as a minor basilica . The decision was announced on January 15 , 2018 , and the basilica held its inauguration Mass on September 8 , 2018 .

The Adults is a New Zealand rock supergroup . Originally started as solo project for Shihad frontman Jon Toogood in 2010 , it grew into a musical collaboration involving many established New Zealand musicians , including Shayne Carter , Julia Deans , Anika Moa , Tiki Taane and Ladi6 . The Adults released a self - titled album in 2011 which reached number four in the New Zealand album charts . The Adults has also been nominated for Album of the Year at the 2012 New Zealand Music Awards , and the single " Anniversary Day " was on the long list for the 2012 APRA Silver Scroll award . In June 2012 The Adults performed a concert with the Christchurch Symphony Orchestra at CBS Arena in Christchurch , New Zealand . A special edition of their album The Adults with live tracks from the concert was released in November 2012 .

Devdas Mohandas Gandhi ( 22 May 1900 – 3 August 1957 ) was the fourth and youngest son of Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi . He was born in South Africa and returned to India with his parents as a young man . He became active in his father 's movement , spending many terms in jail . He also became a prominent journalist , serving as editor of Hindustan Times . Devdas fell in love with Lakshmi , the daughter of C. Rajagopalachari , Devdas 's father 's associate in the Indian independence struggle . Due to Lakshmi 's age at that time , she was only 15 and Devdas was 28 years , both Devdas 's father and Rajaji asked the couple to wait for five years without seeing each other . After five years had passed , they were married with their fathers ' permissions in 1933 . Devdas and Lakshmi had four children , Rajmohan Gandhi , Gopalkrishna Gandhi , Ramchandra Gandhi and Tara Gandhi Bhattacharjee ( born 24 April 1934 , New Delhi ) .

All genres of music can be heard in Paris , from opera and symphonic music to musical theater , jazz , rock , rap , hip - hop , the traditional Bal - musette and gypsy jazz , and every variety of world music , particularly music from Africa and North Africa . such as the Algerian - born music known as Raï . Leading musical institutions include the Paris Opera , the Orchestre de Paris , and the Paris Conservatory , the first state music conservatory in Europe . The Cité de la Musique at La Villette is home of the new Paris Symphony Hall , the Conservatory , a museum of musical instruments , and Le Zenith , a major venue for popular music . Many of the churches in Paris have magnificent historic organs , and often host concerts . The city is also known for its music halls and clubs .

The Primary Reserve of the Canadian Armed Forces ( ) is the first and largest of the four sub - components of the Canadian Forces reserves , followed by the Supplementary Reserve , the Canadian Rangers , and the Cadet Organizations Administration and Training Service ( formerly the Cadet Instructors Cadre ) . The reserve force is represented , though not commanded , at the national level by the Chief of Reserves and Employer Support . This is usually a Major - General or . The Primary Reserve consists of sailors , soldiers and airmen who train to the level of , and are interchangeable with , their Regular Force counterparts , as per the " total force " policy outlined in both the 1987 and 1994 Defence White Papers , and are posted to CF operations or duties on an ongoing basis . Each reserve force is operationally and administratively responsible to its corresponding environmental command ; those being the Royal Canadian Navy , the Canadian Army and the Royal Canadian Air Force . Primary reservists number approximately 27,000 ( all ranks , all services ) . It would be difficult to overstate the importance of the reserves to sustaining CF operations , particularly following the defence budget cuts under the Chrétien government 's Finance Minister Paul Martin and increased operational tempo of the 1990s , which highly strained both the Reserve 's personnel and equipment .

Kaji Biraj Thapa Magar ( died 1721 ) played an important role in the Gorkha Kingdom . His leadership , prudence and courage all exhibit he was one of the important Gorkha Bhardars ( गोरखाली भारदार ) that helped Narbaupal Shah become King of Gorkha . He may also be seen as a ' King Maker ' in the modern day term . According to different genealogies , he had taken Narabhupal Shah and his mother Malikavati in custody for three months . The Queen Mother and her son were secretly protected at his residence . After the death of his grandfather , Narabhupal Shah became the King of Gorkha in 1716 and died in 1743 . His son , King Prithvi Narayan Shah , succeeding him began unification of small principalities to found modern Nepal .

Rashtriya Samajwadi Congress ( RSC ) ( National Socialist Congress ) was a political party in the Indian state of West Bengal from 1986 to 1989 . RSC was founded by Indian National Congress leader Pranab Mukherjee who is the former President of India , as a result of the leadership struggle within the Indian National Congress after the demise of Indira Gandhi . Mukherjee was opposed to Rajiv Gandhi being appointed the prime minister of India . He saw himself as the rightful successor to the post due to his seniority within the party and was opposed to the dynastic nature of the transition . The RSC rejoined the INC in 1989 after it was unsuccessful in attracting major political figures to its fold and unable to garner wide support . This may have been due to Mukherjee not being a mass leader and never having contested elections . On his return to the party he was welcomed and again joined the top leadership . Since then he has built up an image of a Nehru – Gandhi family loyalist .

Moolaadé ( " magical protection " ) is a 2004 film by the Senegalese writer and director Ousmane Sembène . It addresses the subject of female genital mutilation , a common practice in a number of African countries , from Egypt to Nigeria . The film was a co - production between companies from several Francophone nations : Senegal , France , Burkina Faso , Cameroon , Morocco , and Tunisia . It was filmed in the remote village of Djerrisso , Burkina Faso . The film argues strongly against the practice , depicting a village woman , Collé , who uses moolaadé ( magical protection ) to protect a group of girls . She is opposed by the villagers who believe in the necessity of female genital cutting , which they call " purification " .

The Ringbahn ( German for Circular Railway ) is a long railway line of the Berlin S - Bahn network in Germany , around the city centre . The circle route is made up of the double tracked S - Bahn ring and the parallel freight ring . S - Bahn service on the line is provided by lines S 41 ( clockwise ) and S 42 ( anticlockwise ) , carrying 400,000 passengers a day . Due to its distinctive shape , the line is often referred to as Hundekopf ( Dog 's Head ) . The Ring is structured by the east - west railway thoroughfare called the Stadtbahn ( city railway ) , crossing the Ring in the west at Westkreuz and in the east at Ostkreuz ( Eastern Crossing ) into a Südring ( Southern Ring ) and a Nordring ( Northern Ring ) , and by the north - south S - Bahn link ( with the North - South S - Bahn - tunnel as its central part ) crossing at Gesundbrunnen station in the north and both Schöneberg station and Südkreuz in the south into a Westring ( Western Ring ) and an Ostring ( Eastern Ring ) . These four sections served as tariff zones of the railway Berlin suburban fare structure before the previous world war . Today , the Ringbahn is the boundary of the " A " zone in the Verkehrsverbund Berlin - Brandenburg transport association 's fare structure , and the road traffic control zone for the low emissions established on 1 January 2008 .

Puddletown is a village and associated civil parish in the West Dorset district of Dorset , England . The village is situated about northeast of the county town Dorchester and is sited by the River Piddle , from which it derives its name . It also used to be known as Piddletown , but this fell out of favour , probably because of the alternative meaning of the word " piddle " . The name Puddletown rather than Piddletown was officially sanctioned in the late 1950s . Puddletown 's civil parish covers and extends to the neighbouring River Frome to the south . In 2013 the estimated population of the civil parish was 1,450 . Puddletown 's parish church has significant architectural interest , particularly its furnishings and monuments . It has a 12th - century font and well - preserved woodwork , including 17th - century box pews . Thomas Hardy took an interest in the church , and the village provided the inspiration for the fictional settlement of Weatherbury in his novel Far from the Madding Crowd ; Weatherbury Farm , the home of principal character Bathsheba Everdene , is based on a manor house within the parish .

Little Bay de Noc is a bay in the Upper Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan . The bay opens into Lake Michigan 's Green Bay . The bay , consisting of approximately 30,000 acres ( 120   km² ) , is enclosed by Delta County . The cities of Escanaba and Gladstone are on the west side of the bay . The bay 's name comes from the Noquet ( or Noc ) Native American people ( thought to have been related to the Menominee of the Algonquian language group ) , who once lived along the shores . Douglass Houghton came to Sand Point ( in Escanaba ) in 1844 with his party of government surveyors to chart the land to the north . Escanaba has a deep harbor , which made it a lumbering center . The first sawmill was built there in 1836 . The bay also shipped iron ore from the rich iron ranges in Michigan 's upper peninsula , with the first ore dock built at Escanaba in 1864 . Escanaba was incorporated in 1866 . A bit further north , Gladstone was founded in 1887 by U.S. Senator from Minnesota , William D. Washburn , to serve as a rail - lake terminal for lumber products . The Escanaba , Days , Tacoosh , Rapid , and Whitefish rivers all drain into the bay . Rapid River marks the mouth of the eponymous river and the head of the bay .

The Good Food Institute ( GFI ) is a U.S .- based 501(c)(3 ) nonprofit that promotes plant - based meat , dairy , and egg substitutes as well as clean meat ( also known as cultured meat ) alternatives to the products of conventional animal agriculture . The organization launched in February 2016 with the vision of creating a healthy , humane , and sustainable food supply . GFI targets scientists , policymakers , and entrepreneurs to promote plant - based products and cellular agriculture . The group has conducted activities in Washington D.C. , which include filing lawsuits against the FDA and the USDA . GFI ’s promotion of plant - based and " clean meat " has been featured on various news outlets including the Washington Post Magazine and VICE . According to Co - Founder and Executive Director Bruce Friedrich , “ it ’s likely that , in a few generations , animal slaughter for food will be extremely rare in the developed world . ”

In the United Kingdom and Ireland , a retained firefighter , also known as an RDS Firefighter or on - call firefighter , is a firefighter who does not work full - time but is paid to spend long periods of time on call to respond to emergencies through the Retained Duty System . Many have full - time jobs outside of the fire service . Retained firefighters are employed and trained by the local fire and rescue service . When required to answer an emergency call , retained firefighters are summoned to the fire station by a radio pager ( also known as a " alerter " ) . Once at the station , the crews staff the fire engine and proceed to the incident . Retained firefighters are therefore required to live or work near to the fire station they serve . This allows them to respond to emergencies within acceptable and strict attendance time targets set out by each fire service . Typically , retained firefighters are employed in rural areas or in large villages or small towns . They provide cover to 90 % of the area of the UK - there are 14,000 in England and Wales . Of the approximately 8,500 operational firefighters in Scotland , about 32 % are retained . London Fire Brigade , West Midlands Fire Service and Guernsey Fire and Rescue Service are the only three fire and rescue services in the British Islands that do not have any retained firefighters . Unlike volunteer firefighters , retained firefighters are paid . They are paid an annual " retainer fee " for being on call and receive further pay for each emergency call they respond to . The Fire Brigades Union ( FBU ) and the Retained Firefighters ' Union ( RFU ) represent the interests of retained firefighters across the country .

Sheng Long is a character hoax related to the Street Fighter series , created by Electronic Gaming Monthly ( EGM ) as an April Fools ' prank in 1992 ( in an issue published mid - February ) . The joke , based upon a mistranslation that suggested the existence of a character named Sheng Long in the Capcom fighting game Street Fighter II , described a method to fight the character in the game . After other publications reprinted the details as fact without verifying the authenticity , the Sheng Long hoax spread worldwide . As a result of discussion revolving around the possibility of the character 's appearance in Street Fighter III during the game 's development , EGM revisited the joke in 1997 , printing an updated version of the hoax for the title while establishing a backstory and appearance for the character in the process . As a character and a hoax , Sheng Long has been described as one of the most famous and well - known legends related to video gaming by publications such as GameDaily and GameSpot . The hoax influenced the creation of both Akuma and Gouken as characters in the Street Fighter series , with the former appearing in Super Street Fighter II Turbo as a secret boss . Fan appeal for the character affected later Capcom titles , with public requests for the inclusion of Sheng Long in an actual video game leading to the consideration of his inclusion in the video game and years later resulting in the appearance of Gouken as both a secret boss and playable character in Street Fighter IV .

Moreton Island is a large sand island on the eastern side of Moreton Bay , on the coast of South East Queensland , Australia . Due to the island 's importance in navigating the northern passage into Moreton Bay and Brisbane , at least five lighthouses were constructed on the island , starting with Cape Moreton Light in 1857 , the first lighthouse in Queensland , and followed by at least four more lighthouses established from the 1860s , at Comboyuro Point , North Point , Cowan Cowan Point and Yellow Patch . Comboyuro Point Light , Cowan Cowan Point Light and Yellow Patch Light all had to be moved from their original location due to coastal erosion . Of the five lighthouses , only Cape Moreton Light survived and is still active today .

Falck Group is an Italian company located in Sesto San Giovanni . It was founded in 1906 and is one of the oldest companies in the steel industry . In the 1990s it turned to the production of energy from renewable sources . It was founded in 1906 in Milan by Giorgio Enrico Falck under the name Società anonima Acciaierie e Ferriere Lombarde . The first and most important industrial plants were built in Sesto San Giovanni . In 1931 the company changed its name to Acciaiere e Ferriere Lombarde Falck . The company produced steel and related products , both processed and semi - finished , for over seventy years until the crisis in the mid - seventies when the company began to decline . Its last furnaces closed in 1995 . At the end of the nineties the Falck Group , still run by the Falck family , turned to the production of renewable energy , through the subsidiary Falck Renewables .

" Be Without You " is a song by American recording artist Mary J. Blige . It was written by Johnta Austin , Bryan Michael Cox , Jason Perry and Blige for her seventh studio album , The Breakthrough . Produced by Cox and Ron Fair , it was released as the album 's first official single in late 2005 . Ranking among the most played songs on US radio in the year 2006 , the single was certified double - platinum by the RIAA in 2007 . In March 2017 , Billboard Magazine ranked " Be Without You " as the most successful R&B;/Hip - Hop Song of all time . It is also one of Mary J. Blige 's most successful singles to date , peaking at number three on the Billboard Hot 100 . The song was nominated for Record of the Year and Song of the Year and won the Best R&B ; Song and Best Female R&B ; Vocal Performance categories at the 2007 Grammy Awards .

Cocalico Creek is a tributary of the Conestoga River in Lebanon and Lancaster counties in Pennsylvania in the United States . The source is at an elevation of near Stricklerstown in Millcreek Township , Lebanon County . The mouth is the confluence with the Conestoga River at an elevation of at Talmage in West Earl Township , Lancaster County . The name of the creek comes from the Lenape , meaning " snake dens " . It comes from the Lenape word Gookcalicunk ( pronounced " Gook Cal - eek Unk ) which means “ Snake Sleep Place ” in English . The Lenape considered modern East Cocalico , West Cocalico , Clay , Warwick , Elizabeth , and Penn townships , Lancaster County , Mill Creek Township , Lebanon County , and the Middle Creek Wildlife Management Area as part of Gookcalicunk . Cocalico Creek flows south for , then southwest . The Cocalico Creek watershed has a total area of and is part of the larger Chesapeake Bay drainage basin via the Susquehanna River .

Music from the Warner Bros. Picture " Sparkle " is a soundtrack album by American singer Aretha Franklin , written and produced by Curtis Mayfield . Released on May 27 , 1976 , the disc is the soundtrack album for the 1976 Warner Bros. motion picture Sparkle , starring Irene Cara . The songs on the soundtrack feature the instrumental tracks and backing vocals from the film versions , with Franklin 's voice taking the place of the original lead vocalists . This album returned Aretha to gold status after two low - selling albums . The first single release , " Something He Can Feel " , was a # 1 R&B ; hit for her and reached # 28 on the Billboard Hot 100 . However , it was Aretha 's only Pop Top 40 hit during the second half of the 1970s . The album itself reached the Top 20 of Billboards main album chart and was certified Gold for US sales of over 500,000 copies . In 2009 , it was reissued on Rhino Records ' budget Flashback Records label . The songs " Something He Can Feel " and " Hooked on Your Love " were covered by En Vogue on their 1992 multi - platinum hit album Funky Divas .

Andrew Baines ( born 17 June 1962 ) is a notable Australian " quasi - surrealist painter and installation artist , " best known for his paintings of politicians in exposed positions and bowler - hatted office workers . He is regarded as " one of the most recognisable and collectable of Australia 's contemporary artists . " Since 2005 , he has put Alexander Downer in a red door on the beach ; Natasha Stott Despoja , Steven Marshall and Kirsten Alexander , mayor of the City of Charles Sturt in full mayoral gown and gold chains , in the sea , drinking tea ; two dozen leaders of various faiths holding hands along the water 's edge , including both the Anglican and Catholic Archbishops ; arranged for the West Australian Symphony Orchestra to play a symphony in the sea ; put a herd of cows in the Indian ocean ; stood Malcolm Turnbull and over 100 suited volunteers holding umbrellas aloft in the dawn surf at Bondi Beach , then replicated this with Colin Barnett and suited volunteers at Cottesloe beach ; seated twelve suited volunteers on toilets reading papers along the water 's edge , including Australian politician and former Ambassador to Italy , Amanda Vanstone ; and provided brightly coloured sheep to the SA branch of the United Nations Association of Australia " to mark the International Year of Family Farming . "

Striker is a soccer video game series first released by Rage Software in 1992 . Later also for the Commodore Amiga , Amiga CD32 , Atari ST , PC , Mega Drive / Genesis , and Super NES . It was bundled in one of the Amiga 1200 launch packs . It was one of the first soccer games to feature a 3D viewpoint , after Simulmondo 's I Play 3D Soccer . In 1993 it was released in Japan by Coconuts Japan for the Super Famicom as , while the French Super NES version of Striker is known as Eric Cantona Football Challenge , playing on the popularity of French forward Eric Cantona , while the North American Super NES release of Striker was known as . The Mega Drive and Game Gear versions were branded as Sega Sports Striker . They were published by SEGA and developed by Rage Software in 1994 and released in 1995 .

Lars Sjösten ( 7 May 1941 – October 2011 ) was a Swedish jazz pianist and composer . Sjösten was born in Oskarshamn . During the 1960s , he often worked at the jazz restaurant The Golden Circle in Stockholm . He played with many jazz musicians including Ben Webster , Dexter Gordon , Art Farmer , Wayne Shorter , and Bernt Rosengren . He was the first person to receive the Jan Johansson prize in 1969 . Sjösten also played in Lars Gullin 's groups . Sjösten and Gullin became friends and in 1997 , Sjösten was given the inaugural Lars Gullin Prize , for his work within the musical heritage of Lars Gullin . Through the years , Sjösten has led his own groups and also worked as a freelancer and a composer . He has recorded , and also performed on records with other musicians , such as Dexter Gordon , Ben Webster , Lars Gullin , Benny Bailey , Rolf Ericson , Bjarne Nerem , Bernt Rosengren , Lee Konitz , Putte Wickman . He has made tours to Paris , Moscow , and Vittoria da Praia ( the Azores ) , as well as within Sweden .

Ladies Night is the third studio album by English girl group Atomic Kitten released on 10 November 2003 . " If You Come to Me " was released as the lead single from the album on 27 October 2003 followed by the second single " Ladies ' Night " featuring Kool & the Gang , which was released on 15 December 2003 . The third and final single " Someone like Me " was released on 29 March 2004 and was the group 's official last single following the announcement of their indefinite hiatus , although the album version of the single only contains Liz McClarnon 's vocals . " Be with You " is featured on the album but not listed as a single from the album due to being released a year earlier as a double A - side single with " The Last Goodbye " , which featured on the group 's second album Feels So Good ( 2002 ) . The album did not sell as well as their two preceding albums ( which were both certified Double Platinum in the UK ) , but still reached number 5 on the UK Album Chart and achieved Platinum status .

The SpaceX South Texas Launch Site is a spaceport being built at Boca Chica Village near Brownsville , Texas for the private use of Space Exploration Technologies Corporation ( SpaceX ) . Its purpose is " to provide SpaceX an exclusive launch site that would allow the company to accommodate its launch manifest and meet tight launch windows . " The launch site was originally intended to support launches of the Falcon 9 and Falcon Heavy launch vehicles as well as " a variety of reusable suborbital launch vehicles " , but SpaceX changed its plans by 2018 and indicated that the site would be used exclusively for BFR . SpaceX CEO Elon Musk indicated in 2014 that he expected " commercial astronauts , private astronauts , to be departing from South Texas , " and he foresaw launching spacecraft to Mars from there . During 2012 through mid-2014 , SpaceX was considering seven potential locations around the United States for the new commercial launch pad . For much of this period , a parcel of land adjacent to Boca Chica Beach near Brownsville , Texas was the leading candidate location , during an extended period while the US Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) conducted an extensive environmental assessment on the use of the Texas location as a launch site . Also during this period , SpaceX began acquiring land in the area , purchasing approximately and leasing by July 2014 . SpaceX announced in August 2014 , that they had selected the location near Brownsville as the location for the new non - governmental launch site , after the final environmental assessment completed and environmental agreements were in place by July 2014 . When completed , it will become SpaceX 's fourth active launch facility , following three launch locations that are leased from the US government . In April 2013 , the best - case estimate was that the first launch might take place in 2016 or 2017 , SpaceX conducted a groundbreaking ceremony on the new launch facility in September 2014 , and soil preparation began in October 2015 . , any launches from the site would be no earlier than 2019 .

" The Ripper " is a single by British heavy metal band Judas Priest , first released in March 1976 . It was also featured on their 1976 studio album Sad Wings of Destiny . The Ripper is a heavy rocker having a midpart with layered operatic voices . Like " Epitaph " it 's one of the band 's most Queen - inspired songs . It tells the story of " Jack the Ripper " from the killer 's point of view . It has become a fan favorite and is one of the band 's signature songs . Glenn Tipton penned the song shortly after joining the band , but producer Rodger Bain rejected including it on their first album Rocka Rolla . The original version that Tipton wrote was much longer than the one eventually included on Sad Wings of Destiny at nearly eight minutes as well as played at a slower tempo . It can be heard on some early bootlegs from 1975 – 76 .

Lone Horn ( Lakota : Hewáŋžiča , or in historical spelling " Heh - won - ge - chat " or " Ha - wón - je - tah " ) , also called One Horn ( 1790   –1877 ) , born in present - day South Dakota ) , was chief of the Wakpokinyan ( Flies Along the Stream ) band of the Minneconjou Lakota . Lone Horn 's sons were Spotted Elk ( later known as Big Foot ) and Touch the Clouds , and Crazy Horse was his nephew . He participated in the signing of the Treaty of Fort Laramie in 1868 , which reads " Heh - won - ge - chat , his x mark , One Horn " Old Chief Smoke ( 1774 – 1864 ) was Lone Horn 's maternal uncle . Lone Horn died near Bear Butte in 1877 from old age . After Lone Horn 's death his adopted son Spotted Elk eventually became chief of the Minneconjou and was later killed along with his people at the Wounded Knee Massacre in 1890 .

River City Ransom , later released as Street Gangs in the PAL regions , is an open world action role - playing beat 'em up video game for the Family Computer / NES . It was developed by Technōs Japan and originally released in Japan on April 25 , 1989 . It is the third game in Technos ' Kunio - kun series released for the console , preceded by Renegade and Super Dodge Ball . Like its predecessors , River City Ransom underwent great changes in its storyline and graphical presentation during its localization in order to make the game more palatable in the Western market . It was one of the first console games published by North American subsidiary American Technos . Remakes of the game have been released for the Sharp X68000 , PC - Engine Super CD - ROM² , and Game Boy Advance ( GBA ) . The NES version was re - released for the Nintendo Wii Virtual Console in 2007 as well as the Nintendo Wii U Virtual Console in October 2015 . It was also released on the Nintendo 3DS Virtual Console in the PAL Regions in July 25 , 2013 and in North America in November 14 , 2013 . It was released again on the Nintendo Switch Online Service on it 's launch day , September 18 , 2018 .

Jason E. Chaffetz (; born March 26 , 1967 ) is an American commentator and politician who served as the U.S. Representative for , from 2009 until 2017 . He was the chairman of the United States House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform from 2015 until 2017 . During his tenure as a US Representative , his political positions included opposition to the Affordable Care Act , same - sex marriage , and the scientific consensus on climate change . He has expressed skepticism over mandatory vaccinations and pledged to hold hearings to determine their safety . He has been a vocal critic of the Obama administration 's conduct in the 2012 Benghazi attack . He has also been critical of Planned Parenthood . He opposes net neutrality and has held hearings to investigate the FCC 's decision to adopt net neutrality rules in 2015 . Chaffetz came to prominence in 2015 for his extensive investigations into Hillary Clinton . He rescinded his endorsement of Donald Trump in early October 2016 but expressed his intent to vote for him three weeks later . Having investigated Hillary Clinton and the Obama administration extensively , Chaffetz drew criticism after the 2016 election for declining to investigate certain potential conflicts of interest relating to President Donald J. Trump , and that of other individuals involved in his 2016 presidential campaign and subsequent presidential administration . On April 19 , 2017 , Chaffetz announced he would not seek re - election in 2018 , and on May 18 , 2017 , announced he would leave the House of Representatives on June 30 , 2017 . Chaffetz signed on as a contributor for Fox News and began with the network on July 1 , 2017 .

Antonio Adamini ( December 25 , 1792 in Bigogno , Ticino - June 16 , 1846 , St. Petersburg ) was a Swiss - born Russian architect and engineer . Of his training little is known , but he was appointed in the late spring of 1816 ( some say 1818 ) with his cousin Domenico Adamini to the court of the Russian Tsar . After furthered his career in the administration and he was the architect of the State Bank in the 1830s . Adamini 's significant structural performance was to construct the 25-meter - high monument to Tsar Alexander , a monolithic granite pillar , the Alexander Column in 1832 and 1834 , before the Winter Palace with Auguste de Montferrand . The logistical preparation for this project took four years . Adamini also designed a monument to the Battle of Borodino on the road to Smolensk .

Mamil or MAMIL ( an acronym standing for " middle - aged man in lycra " ) is someone who rides an expensive racing bicycle for leisure , wearing endurance- and performance - enhancing body - hugging jerseys and shorts . The word was reportedly coined by British marketing research firm Mintel in 2010 . It gained further popularity in the United Kingdom with the success of Bradley Wiggins in the 2012 Tour de France and at the 2012 Summer Olympics , held in London . The UCI World Championships victory in recent years have also spurred interest . In Australia the popularity of this sort of cycling has been associated with the Tour Down Under and the 2011 Tour de France winner Cadel Evans . Former Prime Minister Tony Abbott has been described as a " mamil " . Buying an expensive road bicycle has been described as a more healthy and affordable response to a midlife crisis than buying an expensive sports car . There are documentaries investigating this cycling culture . MAMIL is the title of a one - man play by New Zealand playwright Greg Cooper , written for actor Mark Hadlow . It is also the title of a feature - length documentary directed by Nickolas Bird and produced by Bird , Eleanor Sharpe and Mark Bird .

Fursy Teyssier ( born 22 September 1985 ) is a French songwriter , singer , multi - instrumentalist musician , album cover artist and animated film director . He is most known for being the creator , leader , guitarist , bass guitarist and lead vocalist of shoegazing band Les Discrets . He is currently live bass guitarist for Empyrium . He is also the former guitarist and bass guitarist of Amesoeurs , and the former live bassist of Alcest ( he also composed and performed " Abysses " in Écailles de Lune ) . Since 27 December 2015 he is a live member of German gothic metal band The Vision Bleak ; he previously directed the music video for their song " The Wood Hag " . As a cover artist , he has made cover art for most of Alcest and Les Discrets ' albums , and for various other bands , including Agalloch and Morbid Angel . He also directed several animated short films .

Kerron Stewart ( born 16 April 1984 ) is a Jamaican sprinter who specializes in the 100 metres and 200 metres . She is the 2008 Jamaican national champion in the 100   m clocking 10.80s . She defeated World Champion Veronica Campbell - Brown in the process and now is the 2008 Summer Olympics silver medalist after she tied with Sherone Simpson in a time of 10.98s . She also earned a bronze medal in the 200 metres at the 2008 Summer Olympics with a time of 22.00s . She was born in Kingston . Stewart holds the fastest non - winning time for the women 's 100 metres . In the 2009 World Athletics Championships from Berlin , she ran 10.75 seconds only to finish second to campatriot , Shelly - Ann Fraser who ran a 10.73 race . Stewart also anchored the Jamaican 4x100 m relay team to victory in a time of 42.06 .

Barbarian : The Ultimate Warrior is a video game first released for Commodore 64 personal computers in 1987 ; the title was developed and published by Palace Software , and ported to other computers in the following months . The developers licensed the game to Epyx , who published it as Death Sword in the United States . Barbarian is a fighting game that gives players control over sword - wielding barbarians . In the game 's two - player mode , players pit their characters against each other . Barbarian also has a single - player mode , in which the player 's barbarian braves a series of challenges set by an evil wizard to rescue a princess . Instead of using painted artwork for the game 's box , Palace Software used photos of hired models . The photos , also used in advertising campaigns , featured Michael Van Wijk ( who would later become famous as ' Wolf ' in the TV series Gladiators ) as the hero and bikini - clad Maria Whittaker , a model who was then associated with The Sun tabloid 's Page Three topless photo shoots . Palace Software 's marketing strategy provoked controversy in the United Kingdom , with protests focused on the sexual aspects of the packaging rather than decapitations and other violence within the game . The ensuing controversy boosted Barbarians profile , helping to make it a commercial success . Game critics were impressed with its fast and furious combat , and dashes of humour . The game was Palace Software 's critical hit ; boosted by Barbarians success , Palace Software expanded its operations and started publishing other developers ' work . In 1988 , the company released a sequel , .

Deshamanya Edward Lionel Senanayake ( known commonly as E.L Senanayake ) ( 8 August 1920 - 29 January 2000 ) was a Sri Lankan Politician belonging to the United National Party . He was the Speaker of the Sri Lankan Parliament . Senanayake was the Governor of North Central Province and Central Province of Sri Lanka . He was elected to the Sri Lankan Parliament from Mahanuwara in Kandy . He was the son of Gate Mudaliyar James Senanayake and was educated at Trinity College , Kandy and at the University College , Colombo graduating with an honours degree in Economics . Having entered politics at the age of 23 after being elected to the Kandy Municipal Council , he went on to serve as Mayor before being elected to Parliament .

Öakse ( alternately : Öakse laid , or Pärglaid ) is an island in the Baltic Sea belonging to the country of Estonia . Öakse comprises 7.6 hectares in area and is located in the Soonlepa Gulf , approximately one km from the Salinõmme Peninsula on the larger island of Hiiumaa to the west and approximately 300   km from the smaller islet of Auklaiust which lies to the west and is administered by Hiiu County . The island is part of the Hiiumaa laidude kaitseala ( Hiiumma Islets Landscape Reserve ) . The island of Öakse is elongated in a northwest - southeast direction , and crescent - shaped . The shoreline is sinuous and the south - east tip of the island is rocky and concludes with a set of large boulders . It is approximately 8.2 meters above sea level . The island is overgrown with various types of reeds , fescue and junipers . On the western and eastern edges of the island stand upland forests of elm and juniper .

Remuera is an affluent inner city residential suburban area within Auckland , in the North Island of New Zealand . It is located four kilometres to the southeast of the city centre . Remuera is one of Auckland 's older suburbs characterised by many large houses , often Edwardian or mid 20th century . A prime example of a " leafy " suburb , Remuera is noted for its quiet tree lined streets . The suburb has numerous green spaces , most obvious of which is Ōhinerau / Mount Hobson – a volcanic cone with views from the top overlooking Waitematā Harbour and Rangitoto . According to the 2013 census , Remuera has a population of 7,254 people . The suburb extends from Hobson Bay and the Orakei Basin on the Waitematā Harbour to the north and east , to the main thoroughfare of State Highway 1 in the southwest . It is surrounded by the suburbs of Orākei , Meadowbank , Saint Johns , Mount Wellington , Ellerslie , Greenlane , Epsom , Newmarket and Parnell . Remuera is home to many well - known New Zealanders including the late Sir Edmund Hillary and the famous race car driver Bruce McLaren .

Mesonauta , the flag cichlids , is a small genus of cichlids native to the Amazon , Orinoco , Essequibo , Paraná and Paraguay basins in South America . Mesonauta is included in the subfamily Cichlasomatinae . They occur in various freshwater habitats such as streams and lakes , especially in areas with little water movement and aquatic vegetation . They are generally found in small groups that stay near the water surface . To avoid predators , adults may jump out of the water and juveniles mimic leaves . Some species are popular in the fishkeeping hobby and are frequently kept in aquariums . These have traditionally been referred to as M. festivus , but following taxonomic reviews of the genus in 1991 and 1998 , the species most often seen in the aquarium trade are M. guyanae , M. insignis and M. mirificus . The species are similar in general appearance , but they have different distributions and can be separated by the bars they show on the body when stressed or excited ( very faint when relaxed ) .

MobileMe ( iTools before 2002 ; .Mac before 2008 ) is a subscription - based collection of online services and software offered by Apple Inc. All services were gradually transitioned and eventually replaced by iCloud and the service ceased as of June 30 , 2012 , with transfers to iCloud available until July 31 , 2012 . Afterwards , all data was deleted , and the email addresses of accounts not transferred to iCloud were marked as unused . Originally launched on January 5 , 2000 , as iTools , a free collection of Internet - based services for users of Mac OS 9 , Apple relaunched it as .Mac on July 17 , 2002 , when it became a paid subscription service primarily designed for users of Mac OS X. Apple relaunched the service again as MobileMe on July 9 , 2008 at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference ( WWDC ) 2008 , now targeting Mac OS X , Microsoft Windows , iPhone , and iPod Touch users . On February 24 , 2011 , Apple discontinued offering MobileMe at its retail stores , with MobileMe retail boxes eventually removed from resellers as well . Additionally , Apple stopped accepting new subscriptions for MobileMe . On June 6 , 2011 , Apple announced that a new service called iCloud would replace MobileMe sometime in the fall . At the iPhone 4S special event on October 4 , 2011 , Apple announced it would finally launch iCloud on October 12 , 2011 , to replace MobileMe for new users , with current users having access until June 30 , 2012 ( on that day the service would cease ) . MobileMe was shut down on June 30 , 2012 , with user data available for retrieval until July 31 , 2012 , when the site finally closed completely .

Jeddah ( sometimes spelled Jiddah or Jedda ; ; , ) is a city in the Tihamah region of the Hejaz on the coast of the Red Sea and is the major urban center of western Saudi Arabia . It is the largest city in Makkah Province , the largest seaport on the Red Sea , and with a population of about four million people ( ) , the second - largest city in Saudi Arabia after the capital city , Riyadh . Jeddah is Saudi Arabia 's commercial capital . Jeddah is the principal gateway to Mecca and Medina , two of the holiest cities in Islam and popular tourist attractions . Economically , Jeddah is focusing on further developing capital investment in scientific and engineering leadership within Saudi Arabia , and the Middle East . Jeddah was independently ranked fourth in the Africa – Mid - East region in terms of innovation in 2009 in the Innovation Cities Index . Jeddah is one of Saudi Arabia 's primary resort cities and was named a Beta world city by the Globalization and World Cities Study Group and Network ( GaWC ) . Given the city 's close proximity to the Red Sea , fishing and seafood dominates the food culture unlike other parts of the country . In Arabic , the city 's motto is " Jeddah Ghair , " which translates to " Jeddah is different . " The motto has been widely used among both locals as well as foreign visitors . The city had been previously perceived as the " most open " city in Saudi Arabia .

The Waggoner Ranch is a historic north Texas ranch located 13 miles south of Vernon , Texas . The land was used primarily to raise crops , beef cattle and horses as well as for oil production . It was notable for being the largest ranch under one fence in the United States . It was originally established in 1852 near Vernon , Texas , by Daniel Waggoner under the name of Dan Waggoner & Son ; his son being William Thomas Waggoner . It was acquired by Stan Kroenke , who is married to Ann Walton ( niece of Sam Walton ) , in February 2016 . At the time of acquisition , the ranch comprised , or but additional acreage was included in the sale making the total closer to .

Summit is an unincorporated community in Boyd County , Kentucky , United States on US 60 just west of Ashland . Summit serves as a suburb to the city of Ashland and shares the city 's ZIP code . Summit is sometimes spelled with two " T 's " at the end , although the most common spelling contains only one " T " but either variation is accepted as correct . Summit is a part of the Huntington - Ashland , WV - KY - OH , Metropolitan Statistical Area ( MSA ) . As of the 2000 census , the MSA had a population of 288,649 . The Summit name was first applied to a 19th - century railroad passenger and freight station located at the site . Summit was selected as descriptive of the location 's unique topographical features including a flat terrain on a higher elevation than other parts of the surrounding area . Unusual for the region , this terrain was created by the ancient Teay 's River and the associated Glacial Lake Tight . The Lexington , Elizabethtown , and Big Sandy Railroad opened a station here in the late 19th century after the railroad was constructed through Summit . It served the residents of what was then a sparsely populated farming community until the station was closed due to its close proximity to Ashland made it no longer necessary . Now a populated suburban area , Summit 's development was slow until the Federal Correctional Institution was located at the heart of Summit on Kentucky Route 716 . This and the upgrading of U.S. Route 60 , made transportation easier for residents to commute to and from Ashland .

The Latins were originally an Italic tribe in ancient central Italy from Latium . As Roman power and colonization spread Latin culture , Latins came to mean mostly unified Italic people and the Latin - speaking people of Dacia , Iberia , Illyria , and Gaul whose land was settled by Latin colonists ( see Latin peoples ) . The original Latins were an Italic tribe inhabiting central Italy , in present - day Lazio . Through the conquests of their most populous city - state , Rome , the Latins united all Italic tribes in to one group and then with " Romanization " or " Latinization " spread their influence across their empire . As the Roman Empire spread to include areas that are now Spain , Portugal , France , and Romania , these joined Italy in becoming " Latin " , as the languages spoken in these countries derive primarily from the Latin Language . In the late 15th–16th centuries , a millennium after the fall of the Western Roman Empire , Portugal , Spain , and France began to create world empires . In consequence , by the mid-19th century , the former American colonies of these nations became known as Latin America and this region 's inhabitants as Latin Americans .

There were widespread reports of systematic and escalating violations of human rights in Zimbabwe under the regime of Robert Mugabe and his party , ZANU - PF between 1980 and 2017 . According to human rights organisations such as Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch the government of Zimbabwe violates the rights to shelter , food , freedom of movement and residence , freedom of assembly and the protection of the law . There are assaults on the media , the political opposition , civil society activists , and human rights defenders . Opposition gatherings are frequently the subject of brutal attacks by the police force , such as the crackdown on an 11 March 2007 Movement for Democratic Change ( MDC ) rally . In the events , party leader Morgan Tsvangirai and 49 other opposition activists were arrested and severely beaten by the police . Edward Chikombo , a journalist who sent images of the beatings to foreign media , was abducted and murdered a few days later . After his release , Morgan Tsvangirai told the BBC that he suffered head injuries and blows to the arms , knees and back , and that he lost a significant amount of blood . The police action was strongly condemned by the UN Secretary - General , Ban Ki - moon , the European Union and the United States . While nothing that the activists had suffered injuries , but not mentioning the cause of them , the Zimbabwean government - controlled daily newspaper The Herald claimed the police had intervened after demonstrators " ran amok looting shops , destroying property , mugging civilians , and assaulting police officers and innocent members of the public " . The newspaper also argued that the opposition had been " wilfully violating the ban on political rallies " .

Christiaan " Chris " Mostert is a Dutch saxophonist who has played with the Eagles during their " Farewell 1 Tour " in 2005 . He is part of the horns the Mighty Horns . Besides his work with the Eagles , Mostert has also played on solo tours of Don Henley , Joe Walsh and Glenn Frey , and been he also been a member of the bands , Goose Creek Symphony , Pollution , Sylvester and the Hot Band . He also performed on three solo albums by Glenn Frey , Soul Searchin ' ( including the saxophone solo in the hit single True Love ) , Strange Weather and After Hours . In 2004 he recorded a solo album Midnight Breeze , accompanied by a.o . Jeff Baxter , Burleigh Drummond and Steve Gadd . He also worked on the last studio album by the Eagles " Long Road Out of Eden " .

Luke Skywalker is a fictional character and the main protagonist of the original film trilogy of the Star Wars franchise created by George Lucas . The character , portrayed by Mark Hamill , is an important figure in the Rebel Alliance 's struggle against the Galactic Empire . He is the twin brother of Rebellion leader Princess Leia Organa of Alderaan , a friend and brother - in - law of smuggler Han Solo , an apprentice to Jedi Masters Obi - Wan " Ben " Kenobi and Yoda , the son of fallen Jedi Anakin Skywalker ( Darth Vader ) and Queen of Naboo / Republic Senator Padmé Amidala and maternal uncle of Ben Solo / Kylo Ren . The now non - canon Star Wars Legends depicts him as a powerful Jedi Master , husband of Mara Jade , the father of Ben Skywalker and maternal uncle of Jaina , Jacen and Anakin Solo . In 2015 , the character was selected by Empire magazine as the 50th greatest movie character of all time . On their list of the 100 Greatest Fictional Characters , Fandomania.com ranked the character at number 14 .

Bayview Village is a neighbourhood in Toronto , Ontario , Canada . It is part of the federal Don Valley North riding and the provincial Willowdale electoral district , and Toronto electoral Wards 24 : Willowdale ( East ) and 33 : Don Valley North ( East ) . In 2006 , it had a population of 15,370 . The area is bordered on the north by Finch Avenue East , on the west by Bayview Avenue , on the east by Leslie Street , and on the south by Highway 401 , and also including the grounds of North York General Hospital , east of Leslie in the neighbourhood 's southeast corner , according to the City of Toronto 's definition . The Bayview Village Association regards the east boundary as the Don River ( east branch ) and the south boundary as Sheppard Avenue East , thereby excluding land between the Don River and Leslie , Sheppard and Highway 401 .

Edith Tudor - Hart ( née Edith Suschitzky ; 1908 – 1973 ) was an Austrian - British photographer , communist - sympathiser and spy for the Soviet Union . Some of her work is in the National Gallery in London . Brought up in a family of socialists , she trained in photography at Walter Gropius 's Bauhaus in Dessau , and carried her political ideals through her art . Through her connections with Arnold Deutsch , Tudor - Hart was instrumental in the recruiting of the Cambridge Spy ring which damaged British intelligence from World War II until their discovery in the late 1960s . She recommended Litzi Friedmann and Kim Philby for recruitment by the KGB and acted as an intermediary for Anthony Blunt and Bob Stewart when the rezidentura at the Soviet Embassy in London suspended its operations in February 1940.The Guardian " , 21 August 2015 , How MI5 failed to expose matriarch of Cambridge spy ring by Ian Cobain

The Kyle Hills ( ) are a prominent group of volcanic cones , hills , ridges , and peaks that occupy the eastern part of Ross Island , Antarctica , between Mount Terror and Cape Crozier . The hills extend east – west for , rising from sea level at Cape Crozier to about in Mount McIntosh at the western end of the group . Local relief of features is on the order of . The hills were named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names ( 2000 ) after Philip R. Kyle , Professor of Geochemistry at the New Mexico Institute of Mining and Technology , Socorro , who worked extensively in Antarctica over 28 field seasons , 1969 – 2000 , completing six seasons under New Zealand Antarctic Research Program auspices , 1969 – 76 . He was principal investigator on numerous National Science Foundation research projects in 23 seasons of field work under United States Antarctic Program auspices , 1977 – 2000 , with focus on long - term research of the volcano Mount Erebus , and was in charge of the Mount Erebus Volcano Observatory , 2000 .

The Santiago South Super Cup ( Portuguese : Super Taça de Santiago Sul ) is a regional super cup competition played during the season in the south of Santiago , Cape Verde consisting the municipalities of Praia , Ribeira Grande de Santiago and São Domingos . The competition is organized by the Santiago South Regional Football Association ( Associação Regional de Futebol de Santiago Sul de Futebol , ARFSS ) . Its current champions is Sporting Praia who won their third and recent title . The regional champion competes with the cup champion . If a champion also has a cup title , a cup club who is runner - up qualifies . The upcoming edition will feature the champion Académica da Praia and the cup winner Sporting Praia . Several cancellations occurred including in 2011 , 2014 , the time when Pico do Fogo on the nearby island to the west was erupting and the 2016 edition , as the cup competition took place on April 15 , 2017 , the super cup competition which was slanted for May or June 2017 may have been canceld .

The was a two - ship class of pre - dreadnought battleships built for the Imperial Japanese Navy in the late 1890s . As Japan lacked the industrial capacity to build such warships herself , they were designed and built in the UK . The ships participated in the Russo - Japanese War of 1904 – 1905 , including the Battle of Port Arthur on the second day of the war . Hatsuse sank after striking two mines off Port Arthur in May 1904 . Shikishima fought in the Battles of the Yellow Sea and Tsushima and was lightly damaged in the latter action , although shells prematurely exploded in the barrels of her main guns in each battle . The ship was reclassified as a coast defence ship in 1921 and served as a training ship for the rest of her career . She was disarmed and hulked in 1923 and finally broken up for scrap in 1948 .

Envigado ( ) is a town southeast of Medellin , Colombia which belongs to the department of Antioquia . It is located in the southern region of the Aburrá Valley and is a part of The Metropolitan Area of the Aburrá Valley . Itborders north with El Poblado , Medellín , south with Sabaneta , east with El Retiro and Caldas , and west with Itagüí . Even though today the Aburrá Valley has one of the lowest homicide rates in Colombia , 6 for every 100,000 people , it is still widely recognized for being the hometown of the notorious Pablo Escobar and his Medellin cartel . Envigado is also the hometown of the Colombian philosopher Fernando González . His house , Otraparte , today is a cultural center and museum dedicated to his memory and works . Envigado is also famous for keeping the paisa traditions and architecture , one of the best standards of living in Colombia and for its promising football team : Envigado Futbol Club . Envigado is considered as the richest municipality in all of Colombia .

Ayeta Anne Wangusa , born in Kampala , Uganda , on 9 September 1971 , is a writer and activist . A founding member ( 1995 ) of FEMRITE , the Uganda Women Writers Association , Wangusa first achieved broader recognition in literary circles for her novel Memoirs of a Mother ( 1998 ) . She was also a founding member ( 2009 ) of the African Writers Trust , currently ( as of 2018 ) serving on the advisory board . In addition to her literary career , including Tears of Hope : A Collection of Short Stories by Ugandan Rural Women ( 2002 ) , which she edited with Violet Barungi , Wangusa has had a parallel career in social development , governance , and women ’s rights .

The Toronto Coach Terminal is the central bus station for inter - city services in Toronto , Ontario , Canada . It is located at 610 Bay Street , in the city 's Downtown . The terminal is owned by Toronto Coach Terminal Inc. , a wholly owned subsidiary of the Toronto Transit Commission ( TTC ) . The TTC managed the station directly until July 8 , 2012 , when it was leased out in its entirety to bus lines Coach Canada and Greyhound Canada for $ 1.2 million annually . Opened in 1931 as the Gray Coach Terminal , the Art Deco style terminal was home base for Gray Coach , an interurban bus service then owned by the TTC . It replaced an earlier open air terminal , Gray Line Terminal .

K. Appukuttan Nair ( 1925 – 2007 ) , better known as Kozhikodan , was a film critic and writer from Kerala , India . One of the first critics to take a closer look at the mainstream Malayalam cinema , he reviewed about 2,000 Malayalam films over four decades . He began writing on films from the early 1950s . He started writing in Mathrubhumi and Chandrika , and later became a regular columnist of Mathrubhumi Illustrated Weekly along with Cynic and Nadirsha ( TMP Nedungadi ) . The trio is said to have elevated film criticism into a serious genre of writing in Malayalam . Kozhikodan received the Kerala State Film Award for Best Book on Cinema in 1988 for Chalathitraswadanam Engane ? and the Kerala Sahitya Akademi Award ( Humour ) in 2010 for the poetry collection Padachonikku Salam . He died on 20 January 2007 . ' Kozhikodan Smaraka Samiti ' has instituted Kozhikodan Puraskaram , an award given annually to the best book on cinema in Malayalam .

Bill Dance Outdoors is a half - hour fishing television series hosted by former professional tournament angler Bill Dance . Each episode focuses on various aspects of recreational fishing techniques , usually targeting black bass species , such as Largemouth and Smallmouth bass , though does occasionally focus on other species such as Channel catfish and Bluegill . Each episode is about half - hour long , and will occasionally include viewer mail , product advertisement , and tips & tricks segments along with the primary topic of the particular episode . The show has featured guest appearances by celebrities such as Terry Bradshaw , Hank Williams , Jr. , Mel Tillis , Jerry Reed , and many others . The series began in 1968 . Initially it was on The Nashville Network ( now known as Spike TV ) . It later moved to the Outdoor Life Network ( now known as ' NBCSN ' in the U.S. ) . Tony McClure is the executive producer .

Algarrobo is a town and municipality in the province of Málaga , part of the autonomous community of Andalusia in southern Spain . The municipality is situated in the coastal area of La Axarquía , 32 kilometers from the city of Málaga . It is bordered on the north by the municipality of Arenas and Sayalonga , to the east and west by Vélez - Málaga and to the south by the Mediterranean Sea . It is situated at an altitude of 86 meters . The main center for the population is Algarrobo , a town of Arab architecture situated 3.5 kilometers from the coast . Other towns in the municipality are Algarrobo Costa , Mezquitilla and Trayamar . It has a population of approximately 5,000 residents . Natives of the town are called Algarrobeños . Its surface area is 9.73   km and has a density of 639.16 inhabitants / km .

Lin Youren (; August 11 , 1938 - October 12 , 2013 ) was a noted player of the Chinese musical instrument guqin . He was famous for his unaffected playing style . Lin also taught guqin at the Shanghai Conservatory of Music . Lin was born on August 11 , 1938 in Shanghai , China , but was brought up in nearby Nanjing . Early on in his musical development , Lin studied with Liu Shaochun ( 1901 – 71 ) . He enterd the Shanghai Conservatory of Music in 1958 to study the guqin . He was influenced by the playing styles of Liu Jingshao , Gu Meigeng , Shen Caonong , and Wei Zhongle in particular . He graduated in 1963 and stayed at the Conservatory and began research on guqin history and Chinese music after returning from Heilongjiang in the early 1970s during the " Cultural Revolution " . Lin gave guqin recitals in Taiwan , Hong Kong , Japan , France , the United Kingdom and the United States .

Rudolf Kaltenbach ( 12 May 1842 – 21 November 1893 ) was a German gynecologist who was a native of Freiburg i m Breisgau . In 1865 he earned his medical doctorate from the University of Vienna , and afterwards trained under Johann von Dumreicher ( 1815 - 1880 ) at the surgical hospital in Vienna . From 1867 to 1873 he was an assistant to Alfred Hegar ( 1830 - 1914 ) in Freiburg , and was later a professor of gynecology and obstetrics at the University of Giessen . In 1887 he became an OB / GYN professor at Halle , where he succeeded Robert Michaelis von Olshausen ( 1835 - 1915 ) . Kaltenbach served in the military during the Austro - Prussian ( on the Austrian side ) and Franco - Prussian Wars . Kaltenbach is remembered for his numerous medical publications , including a book on operative gynecology that he co - authored with Alfred Hegar . He is credited with introducing a gynecological graphic aid involving menstruation cycles called the Kaltenbachschema ( Kaltenbach chart ) .

Oleg Ivanovich Dahl (; 25 May 1941 , Moscow – 3 March 1981 , Kiev ) was a Soviet actor . He acted in films , from classics of drama to fairy tales and adventures . His most popular works included Zhenya , Zhenechka and Katyusha ( 1967 ) , Chronicles of a Dive Bomber ( 1967 ) , An Old , Old Tale ( 1970 ) , King Lear ( 1969 ) , On Thursday and Never Again ( 1977 ) , September Vacation ( 1979 ) . Oleg Dahl played his last cinema role in Uninvited Friend by Leonid Maryagin in 1981 . He worked in Sovremennik Theatre ( 1963 - 1971 , 1973 - 1975 ) and in Malaia Bronnaia Theatre ( 1975 - 1978 ) .

Petroleum production in Canada is a major industry which is important to the economy of North America . Canada has the third largest oil reserves in the world and is the world 's fifth largest oil producer and fourth largest oil exporter . In 2015 it produced an average of of crude oil and equivalent . Of that amount , 61 % was upgraded and non - upgraded bitumen from oil sands , and the remainder light crude oil , heavy crude oil and natural - gas condensate . Most of Canadian petroleum production is exported , approximately in 2015 , with almost all of the exports going to the United States . Canada is by far the largest single source of oil imports to the United States , providing 43 % of US crude oil imports in 2015 . The petroleum industry in Canada is also referred to as the Canadian " Oil Patch " ; the term refers especially to upstream operations ( exploration and production of oil and gas ) , and to a lesser degree to downstream operations ( refining , distribution , and selling of oil and gas products ) . In 2005 , almost 25,000 new oil wells were spudded ( drilled ) in Canada . Daily , over 100 new wells are spudded in the province of Alberta alone . Although Canada is one of the largest oil producers and exporters in the world , it also imports significant amounts of oil into its eastern provinces since its oil pipelines do not extend all the way across the country and many of its oil refineries can not handle the types of oil its oil fields produce . In 2014 it imported into its eastern provinces while simultaneously exporting from its western provinces and east coast offshore oil fields .

Christopher Wayne Heatherly is an American mixed martial artist and entertainment developer . He competed in the welterweight and middleweight divisions . Heatherly was also known for his time as CEO of Disney 's most popular children 's game , Club Penguin . As the leader of the world 's largest virtual world for kids , Heatherly reminded kids that Club Penguin was not about being cool , but rather it was about being the most popular person , or being the game 's founder , Lane Merrifield . He spearheaded the Coins For Change campaign that spanned over nine years of the game 's runtime , and oversaw a charity operation that gave away millions of dollars to worthy causes . He retired from the game and left Disney on September 7 , 2016 , and began working at NBCUniversal , where he now actively promotes the Minions from the popular Despicable Me franchise , as well as spearheads the movement against those who disparage NBC as fake news . He currently lives in Monrovia , California with his wife and three kids , and their dog Alfred .

The Royal Victorian Order is an order of knighthood awarded by the sovereign of the United Kingdom and several Commonwealth realms . It is granted personally by the monarch and recognises personal service to the monarchy , the Royal Household , royal family members , and the organisation of important royal events . The order was officially created and instituted on 23 April 1896 by letters patent under the Great Seal of the Realm by Queen Victoria . It was instituted with five grades , Knight Grand Cross ( GCVO ) , Knight Commander ( KCVO ) , Commander ( CVO ) , Member ( fourth class ) and Member ( fifth class ) , the last two of which were abbreviated to MVO . The two highest conferred the status of knighthood on holders ; in 1984 , the grade of Member ( fourth class ) was renamed Lieutenant ( LVO ) , and holders of the fifth grade became Members . Women were not admitted until 1936 ; those receiving the highest two awards were styled Dames and those grades , when conferred on women , are Dame Grand Cross and Dame Commander ( DCVO ) . The order could also be conferred on foreigners , who were typically appointed to honorary grades and were thus not entitled to the styles , such as Sir and Dame , associated with ordinary grades .

Ivi Monteiro ( born November 16 , 1984 in Rio de Janeiro ) is a butterfly and freestyle swimmer from Brazil . At the 2002 South American Games , in Belém , she won three gold medals in the 100-metre butterfly , 4×100-metre freestyle and 4×100-metre medley , and the bronze medal in the 200-metre butterfly . Participating in the 2003 World Aquatics Championships , in Barcelona , she finished 14th in the 4×100-metre medley , 25th in the 100-metre butterfly , and 34th in the 50-metre butterfly . At the 2003 Pan American Games in Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic , Monteiro finished 4th in the 4×100-metre medley , and 5th in the 100-metre butterfly . On May 9 , 2004 , she broke the South American record in the 4×100-metre medley , with a time of 4:12.90 , along with Fabíola Molina , Mariana Katsuno and Rebeca Gusmão . With this time , the Brazilian team was , at this time , qualifying for Athens 2004 , but later , other countries obtained best marks , and took the Monteiro vacancy for the Olympics . She ended her career in late 2013 , at the Open tournament , held in Porto Alegre , Brazil .

During presidential elections in the United States , it has become customary for the main candidates ( almost always the candidates of the two largest parties , currently the Democratic Party and the Republican Party ) to engage in a debate . The topics discussed in the debate are often the most controversial issues of the time , and arguably elections have been nearly decided by these debates ( e.g. , Nixon vs. Kennedy ) . Candidate debates are not constitutionally mandated , but it is now considered a de facto election process . The debates are targeted mainly at undecided voters ; those who tend not to be partial to any political ideology or party . Presidential debates are held late in the election cycle , after the political parties have nominated their candidates . The candidates meet in a large hall , often at a university , before an audience of citizens . The formats of the debates have varied , with questions sometimes posed from one or more journalist moderators and in other cases members of the audience . Between 1988 and 2000 , the formats have been governed in detail by secret memoranda of understanding ( MOU ) between the two major candidates ; an MOU for 2004 was also negotiated , but unlike the earlier agreements it was jointly released by the two candidates . Debates have been broadcast live on television , radio , and in recent years , the web . The first debate for the 1960 election drew over 66 million viewers out of a population of 179 million , making it one of the most - watched broadcasts in U.S. television history . The 1980 debates drew 80 million viewers out of a population of 226 million . Recent debates have drawn decidedly smaller audiences , ranging from 46 million for the first 2000 debate to a high of over 67 million for the first debate in 2012 . A record - breaking audience of over 84 million people watched the first 2016 presidential debate between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton , a number that does not reflect online streaming .

Black River is a river in the southwest part of the U.S. state of Michigan that empties into Lake Michigan in South Haven at , where it discharges past the South Pier Lighthouse . The river takes its name from the dark brown color of its water , which is caused by suspended sediments and organic materials picked up along its course . The river supports a variety of wildlife including trout , snapping turtles , leeches , and many other varieties of flora and fauna . The Black River watershed encompasses across two counties and 13 townships . The main course of the river is formed by the confluence of the North Branch Black River and Middle Branch Black River at , northwest of South Haven . The South Branch Black River joins the main course at . The North Branch Black River is formed out of the Black River Drain , which rises out of a complex of drains including the Leverich Drain and North State Road Drain in Clyde Township and Ganges Township in Allegan County . The Middle Branch Black River is formed by the junction of the Little Bear Lake Drain and Melvin Creek at in southern Lee Township , near the boundary with Van Buren County . The South Branch Black River is formed by the junction of the Lower Jeptha Lake Drain and the Black River Extension Drain at in Columbia Township near Breedsville . About three miles above its mouth on Lake Michigan , the river forks , with the South Branch draining Van Buren County . Less than three miles further upstream , the river forks again into the Middle and North Branches . The Middle branch drains areas of both Van Buren and Allegan counties , and the North Branch watershed is entirely in Allegan County .

The Neihsial is an ethnic group found in northeastern India . Members of this group are largely concentrated in the Churachandpur , Senapati , Chandel District and Tamenglong district of the Indian state of Manipur . There is also a sizable population in the neighboring Chin State of Myanmar . The Neihsial speak a Tibeto - Burman language which is unique and different from the Vaiphei and Gangte tribal dialects . Some of the Neihsial are scattered among the Vaiphei , Gangte , Paite and Thadou tribes in India , where as a large number of significant proportion speak the Neihsial dialect and followed its traditions . The word Neihsial is being spell in various variations such as Neihsiel and Neihsel due to others dialects and literature influences . Currently , the Neihsial are not recognized as a tribe in India . Instead , the Neihsial are classified under the nomenclature ZOUMI and KUKI The Neihsial practice a subsistence form of agriculture , Jhum or slash - and - burn cultivation .

Catacol ( ) is a small village on the Isle of Arran , Scotland . It is located on the north west side of the island , just a few miles along the coastal road from Lochranza at the foot of Glen Catacol , a steep - sided valley . It derives its name from Old Norse , referring to the ' gully of the cat ' . Catacol 's main feature is the row of cottages called the ' Twelve Apostles ' . They were built to house those people cleared from the surrounding countryside , when much of the interior of the island was set aside for deer . The theory was these former farmers would turn to fishing , and with this in mind , each of the twelve cottages had a differently shaped first floor window . This would allow the woman of the house to signal by placing a candle in the window to her husband while he was out fishing in the Firth of Clyde . The husband would know who was being signalled by the shape of the window . In reality , most of the dispossessed moved away to other parts of the island in protest against their eviction . The village formerly housed a hotel , the , which permanently closed in September 2018 .

Yorkdale Bus Terminal is located at 1 Yorkdale Road , Toronto , Ontario , Canada . It occupies the lowest level of an office building adjacent to Yorkdale Shopping Centre and is connected directly to Yorkdale subway station by a pedestrian bridge . Its creation was announced by James Snow , the Ontario Minister of Transportation and Communications , in March 1977 . Construction of the station started soon after , and was expected to be completed by late 1977 . The bus terminal is strategically located , in the middle of what was formerly the City of North York , at Allen Road on the south side of Highway 401 , the main transportation artery across the Greater Toronto Area . This is ideal for providing GO Transit commuter bus services to points east and west of the city and long - distance intercity coach connections by Ontario Northland and Greyhound . When it opened on October 12 , 1979 , it was a hub for Gray Coach interurban bus service and , until 2000 , for the Toronto Airport Express bus service originally operated by Gray Coach and , after 1993 , by Pacific Western Transportation . Because of the office building directly above the terminal , there is a severe height restriction within the terminal , and this prevents GO Transit from operating their current fleet of double - decker buses into the terminal .

The family Talpidae includes the moles , shrew moles , desmans , and other intermediate forms of small insectivorous mammals of the order Eulipotyphla . Talpids are all digging animals to various degrees : moles are completely subterranean animals ; shrew moles and shrew - like moles somewhat less so ; and desmans , while basically aquatic , excavate dry sleeping chambers ; whilst the quite unique star - nosed mole is equally adept in the water and underground . Talpids are found across the Northern Hemisphere and southern Asia , Europe , and North America , although none are found in Ireland nor in the Americas south of northern Mexico . The first talpids evolved from shrew - like animals which adapted to digging late in the Eocene in Europe . The most primitive living talpids are believed to be the shrew - like moles , with other species having adapted further into the subterranean , and , in some cases , aquatic lifestyles .

A bad quarto , in Shakespearean scholarship , is a quarto - sized publication of one of Shakespeare 's plays that is considered spurious , pirated from a theatre without permission by someone in the audience writing it down as it was spoken or written down later by an actor or group of actors , which , according to a theory , has been termed " memorial reconstruction " . Since the quarto derives from performance and lacks a direct link to the author 's original manuscript , the text would be expected to contain corruptions , abridgements and paraphrasings . That is in contrast to a " good quarto " , which is considered to be a text that is authorised , one that may have been printed from the author 's manuscript , or a scribal copy or prompt copy that is based on the author 's manuscript . " Bad quartos " are considered to include the first quartos of Romeo and Juliet , Henry V , The Merry Wives of Windsor , and Hamlet . The concept has expanded to include quartos of plays by other Elizabethan authors , including Peele 's The Battle of Alcazar , Greene 's Orlando Furioso , and the collaborative script , Sir Thomas More . The theory has been accepted , studied and expanded by many scholars , but some scholars do not accept it and those , such as Eric Sams , consider the entire theory to be without foundation . Jonathan Bate states that " late twentieth- and early twenty - first century scholars have begun to question the whole edifice " .

Oliver Christian Bosbyshell ( January 3 , 1839 – August 1 , 1921 ) was Superintendent of the United States Mint at Philadelphia from 1889 to 1894 . He also claimed to have been the first Union soldier wounded by enemy action in the Civil War , stating that he received a bruise on the forehead from an object thrown by a Confederate sympathizer while his unit was marching through Baltimore in April 1861 . Bosbyshell was born in Mississippi . His parents were of old Philadelphia stock , and he was raised in Schuylkill County , Pennsylvania . After briefly working on the railroad and then studying law , Bosbyshell enlisted in the Union cause on the outbreak of war . Following a brief period of service in the 25th Pennsylvania Volunteer Regiment , he joined the 48th Pennsylvania , remaining in that regiment for three years . He saw action in such battles as Second Bull Run and Antietam . He rose to the rank of major and led his regiment , but was mustered out upon the expiration of his term of service in October 1864 , having been refused a leave of absence . After leaving the army , Bosbyshell returned to Pennsylvania and worked in two unsuccessful businesses ; he also involved himself in Republican politics and in the activities of the Grand Army of the Republic , a veterans ' group . He was appointed to a post at the Philadelphia Mint in 1869 , and became chief coiner in 1876 and superintendent in 1889 , serving for four years . One of Bosbyshell 's underlings at the mint stole gold bars and , as they were not all recovered when the culprit was arrested , Bosbyshell was held responsible for the loss by virtue of his office . He was absolved of this liability by act of Congress in 1899 . In his later years , he was an officer of an insurance company ; he died in 1921 .

Peace Sells ... but Who 's Buying ? is the second studio album by American thrash metal band Megadeth , released on September 19 , 1986 by Capitol Records . The project was originally handled by Combat Records , resulting in the original mix of the album being co - produced by Randy Burns . Capitol Records then bought the rights to the album and hired another producer named Paul Lani to mix it himself . The recording of the album was difficult for the band , because of the ongoing drug issues the members had at the time . Drummer Gar Samuelson and guitarist Chris Poland were fired shortly after the album 's promotional tour for drug abuse making it the last Megadeth album for Samuelson before his death and the last for Poland until he reappeared as a session musician on The System Has Failed . The title track , noted for its politically conscious lyrics , was released as the album 's lead single . The album 's cover art , featuring the band 's mascot Vic Rattlehead in front of a desolated United Nations Headquarters , was created by Ed Repka . Peace Sells ... but Who 's Buying ? is often regarded as a thrash metal classic and as an album that gave prominence to extreme metal . It has been featured in several publications ' best album lists , including Robert Dimery 's 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die and Martin Popoff 's Top 500 Heavy Metal Albums of All Time . The album has been reissued several times over the years . In 2004 , the album was remixed and remastered by Megadeth frontman Dave Mustaine , with extensive liner notes detailing the album 's background . In 2011 , the three different versions were reissued as part of the album 's 25th anniversary celebration . All of them with the exception of the 2004 mixes feature new remastering .

L'Escala ( Spanish : La Escala ) is a municipality in the comarca of the Alt Empordà in Girona , Catalonia , Spain . It is situated on the Costa Brava , located between the southern end of the Gulf of Roses and Cala ( bay ) Montgó . It is an important fishing port and tourist centre , and has a festival dedicated to its famous anchovies . The GE-513 road runs inland from the town . The Alfolí de la Sal , also known as the Pòsit Vell , is a seventeenth - century warehouse formerly used to store the salt necessary to preserve fish landed at the port : it is now a protected historic - artistic monument . The ruins of Empúries are located on the territory of the municipality , with Phoenician and Roman remains dating from 580 BC . L'Escala is the village of Víctor Català ( pseudonym of Caterina Albert , 1869 - 1966 ) a famous novel writer .

This is a list of stations which were affiliated with The WB Television Network in the United States at the time of the network 's closure . The WB shut down September 17 , 2006 . Former affiliates of The WB became affiliates of The CW , MyNetworkTV , or reverted to independent status . Some WB affiliates dropped WB programming on September 5 , 2006 in favor of MyNetworkTV . As previously mentioned , from January 1995 to September 2006 , Tribune Broadcasting was an investor in The WB Television Network , along with the Warner Bros. division of Time Warner . Tribune held an initial 12.5 percent stake in the network at its launch , and later increased it to 22 percent ; most of Tribune 's television properties were key WB affiliates but not owned - and - operated stations of the network as Time Warner had controlling interest in it . On January 24 , 2006 , Warner Bros. Television announced that they would merge The WB with the CBS - owned United Paramount Network to form a new programming service called the CW . All but three of Tribune 's WB stations joined the CW on September 18 , 2006 , through ten - year agreements . Tribune does not have an ownership interest in the CW . In late March 2008 Tribune announced that San Diego affiliate KSWB - TV would switch its network affiliation to Fox in August of that year . The future status of the CW affiliation in San Diego remained unclear until early July when the network named the soon - to - be - displaced Fox affiliate , Tijuana - licensed XETV , as its new affiliate . Stations in bold are Tribune owned and operated stations .

Stephen Nicol ( born 11 December 1961 ) is a Scottish former professional footballer who mainly played as a defender . He played for the successful Liverpool teams of the 1980s . He was also a regular member of the Scotland national football team and represented his country at the 1986 FIFA World Cup . As a player , Nicol won five Football League First Division titles , three FA Cup winners medals , and the 1984 European Cup during 14 years with Liverpool . Nicol also played with several other English teams , including Notts County , Sheffield Wednesday and Doncaster Rovers , before emigrating to the United States in 1999 . He was most recently coach of the New England Revolution and was the longest - tenured head coach in MLS to coach a single club . Nicol is now a commentator for ESPN FC .

Old and New Dreams was a jazz group that was active from 1976 to 1987 . The group was composed of tenor saxophone player Dewey Redman ( doubling on musette ) , bassist Charlie Haden , cornet player Don Cherry and drummer Ed Blackwell . All of the members were former sidemen of free jazz progenitor and alto saxophonist Ornette Coleman , and the group played a mix of Coleman 's compositions and originals by the band members . They released two records on the German jazz label ECM : a self - titled release in 1979 and Playing , recorded live , a year later . These discs were bookended by a pair of discs on the Italian Black Saint label : a studio record from 1976 ( also self - titled ) and 1987 's A Tribute to Blackwell , capturing the quartet 's final concert at a birthday celebration for Blackwell . Haden died in 2014 , Redman in 2006 , Cherry in 1995 and Blackwell in 1992 .

Harry Gordon Lawrence ( 1901 – 1973 ) was a South African politician . Harry Lawrence was on the liberal wing of the United Party . He was the most senior of the MPs who broke away and founded the Progressive Party in 1959 . Lawrence served as a minister in the government of Jan Smuts before the National Party came to power in 1948 . He was Minister of Home Affairs 1939 – 43 and January – June 1948 , as well as Minister of Justice 1945-June 1948 . Lawrence had his spleen damaged when he was attacked by Nationalists at a political meeting during the Second World War . This injury caused Lawrence continuous pain , as he explained when he declined to be considered for the Progressive Party leadership in 1959 . He did , however , become the first party chairman of the PP . Lawrence , like all the Progressive MPs except Helen Suzman was not re - elected at the 1961 General Election . He did not return to Parliament but served as temporary Party leader after Jan Steytler resigned in December 1970 , until Colin Eglin was elected leader in February 1971 .

Mit Gas is the second studio album by the musical supergroup Tomahawk . It was released on May 6 , 2003 , through Ipecac Recordings , the record label owned by vocalist Mike Patton . Mit Gas charted in several countries , reaching the top 20 in Norway 's VG - lista and the United States ' Billboard Independent Albums charts . Recorded after an unreceptive tour with the band Tool , Mit Gas has been described by critics as a more focused and unified album than its predecessor , Tomahawk . The album was supported by a tour alongside Melvins , Skeleton Key and Dälek . Mit Gas has garnered positive reviews , drawing comparisons to the works of Frank Zappa , Pink Floyd and Led Zeppelin .

Street Mobster , known in Japan as , is a 1972 Japanese yakuza film directed by Kinji Fukasaku and starring Bunta Sugawara and Noboru Ando . It is the sixth installment in Toei 's Gendai Yakuza series of unrelated films by different directors , all starring Sugawara . Shot on location in Kawasaki , the plot centers around Okita , a street thug troublemaker released from prison only to discover that the crime underworld in which he used to operate and the socio - political landscape of Japan has changed dramatically . Complex named it number 3 on their list of The 25 Best Yakuza Movies . Home Vision Entertainment released the movie on DVD in North America in 2004 . Arrow Films released a special edition blu - ray in Europe and North America in June , 2018 .

" O ' Sailor " is a song written by American singer Fiona Apple and recorded for her third album Extraordinary Machine ( 2005 ) . On August 15 , 2005 ( see 2005 in music ) , ahead of the album 's release in early October , Epic Records made available for streaming both " Parting Gift " and " O ' Sailor " on Apple 's official website . The following day , the songs were released for digital download at the online iTunes Music Store . The single 's video , directed by Floria Sigismondi , was filmed aboard the RMS Queen Mary and premiered on VH1 on November 7 . It was nominated for eight Music Video Production Company Awards — in the categories of " Direction of a Female Artist " , " Director of the Year " , " Art Direction " , " Cinematography " , " Choreography " , " Styling " , " Hair " and " Make - Up " — and won two : " Direction of a Female Artist " and " Hair " .

The Tallinn Offensive ( ) was a strategic offensive by the Red Army 's 2nd Shock and 8th Armies and the Baltic Fleet against the German Army Detachment Narwa and Estonian units in mainland Estonia on the Eastern Front of World War II on 17–26 September 1944 . Its German counterpart was the abandonment of the Estonian territory in a retreat codenamed Operation Aster ( German : Unternehmen Aster ) . The Soviet offensive commenced with the Soviet 2nd Shock Army breaching the defence of the II Army Corps along the Emajõgi River in the vicinity of Tartu . The defenders managed to slow the Soviet advance sufficient for Army Detachment Narwa to be evacuated from mainland Estonia in an orderly fashion . On 18 September , the constitutional Government of Estonia captured the government buildings in Tallinn from the Germans and the city was abandoned by the German forces by 22 September . The Leningrad Front seized the capital and took the rest of mainland Estonia by 26 September 1944 .

Chris Leck ( born 21 May 1986 in Manchester , England ) is a rugby union player . He plays as a scrum - half . He started his pro career at Sale Sharks where he remained up until the end of the 2011 season . He then signed for Edinburgh Rugby where he mainly played as understudy to Scottish internationalists Mike Blair & Greig Laidlaw as well as competing against Welsh cap Richie Rees 2014 in the Pro12 . His crowning moment came in the 2012 Heineken Cup quarter final game against Tolouse . Leck was summoned from the bench with Edinburgh trailing 14 - 7 at half time to help secure a famous 19 - 14 win , securing the clubs first ever European cup semi - final appearance . However , shortly afterwards he suffered a shoulder injury that would ultimately keep him out of the team for the next year , an injury that required three operations . With the departure of previous coach Michael Bradley and the appointment of Alan Solomons , along with the appearance of Scots youngsters Sean Kennedy & Sam Hidalgo - Clyne he was released from his contract at the end of the 2013 - 14 season having never played for his new coach .

KBOI is a commercial AM radio station in the western United States , located in Boise , Idaho , broadcasting on 670 kHz under ownership of Cumulus Media . KBOI airs news / talk programming . Studios are located on Bannock Street in downtown Boise , while it transmits from a six - tower facility southeast of Nampa . KBOI is Idaho 's most powerful AM station , broadcasting at 50,000 watts around the clock . During the day , a single tower beams the station 's full power to southwestern Idaho and eastern Oregon by day . At night , power is fed to all six towers in a directional pattern to avoid interfering with WSCR in Chicago , the Clear - channel station on 670   kHz . Even though it must direct its signal north - south as a result , KBOI can still be heard across most of western North America at night . KBOI is licensed by the FCC to broadcast in the HD ( hybrid digital ) format , although it currently does not have HD turned on as of 7 March 2018 .

Château d'Autet is a château located in the Luberon hills of the commune of Viens in the Vaucluse department , Provence - Alpes - Côte d'Azur , France . The château lies approximately to the northeast of the village of Gignac , and roughly north of Marseille . Built in the 19th century as a hunting lodge , the dilapidated house and surrounding neglected estate was bought in 1998 by David Armstrong - Jones , Viscount Linley , who is reported to have paid £ 500,000 . In addition to repairing the house , Linley planted fields of lavender on the estate nearby . In early September 2012 , Prince William , Duke of Cambridge and Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge stayed at the château . Long lens photographers took topless photos of the Duchess from the D33 public road a kilometre away . which were controversially published in French magazine version of Closer the following week .

Haakon Steen Lie ( 22 September 1905 – 25 May 2009 ) was a Norwegian politician who served as party secretary for the Norwegian Labour Party from 1945 to 1969 . Coming from humble origins , he became involved in the labour movement at an early age , and quickly rose in the party system . After actively working for the resistance movement and the exiled government during World War II , he was elected to the second - highest position in the party after the war , and his years in office were the most successful in the party 's history . Lie is widely considered – along with Einar Gerhardsen – to be the architect of the post - war success of the Labour Party , and of the Norwegian welfare state . At the same time , he has also been the subject of criticism for organising surveillance of Norwegian opposition figures , in particular communists . Lie remained active in Norwegian public life , even after his 100th birthday , and in 2008 he celebrated his 103rd birthday with the release of a new biography , " Slik jeg ser det nå " ( As I see it now ) .

The Millburn Township Public Schools are a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in pre - kindergarten through twelfth grade from Millburn , in Essex County , New Jersey , United States . As of the 2015 - 16 school year , the district 's eight schools had an enrollment of 4,943 students and 404.1 classroom teachers ( on an FTE basis ) , for a student – teacher ratio of 12.2:1 . The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group " J " , the highest of eight groupings . District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts . From lowest socioeconomic status to highest , the categories are A , B , CD , DE , FG , GH , I and J.

Reisa National Park ( ) is a national park in Nordreisa Municipality in Troms county , Norway that was established by royal decree on 28 November 1986 . The park has much wildlife . The rough - legged buzzard is the most common bird of prey , but hikers may also spot golden eagle , kestrels , and gyrfalcon . Wolverines and lynx live in the park and surrounding mountains . The Sámi name for part of the gorge , Njállaávzi , means Arctic fox gorge , suggesting that the Arctic fox must have lived there a long time . The largest Norwegian predator , the brown bear , is occasionally seen in the park . The Reisa river has cut a valley and a canyon ( north of Imo ) in the mountain plateau , producing the long fertile valley called Reisadalen . Waterfalls cascade into the valleys and gorges . The waterfall Mollisfossen is one of the more spectacular falls at in height . The valley and adjacent mountains have been valuable for hunting , animal trapping , and fishing for centuries . Snares are sometimes still set to catch ptarmigan and willow grouse in the traditional manner . Scots pine were used for timber and to produce tar . Nearly every farm in the valley earned extra income making tar , and production continued far into the 20th century . The remains of many tar kilns can still be found . The park and surrounding areas provided spring , summer , and autumn grazing for semi - domesticated reindeer . In winter , the reindeer in this region graze in the Kautokeino district in nearby Finnmark county ; in summer , they are on the coast in the northwest . It is adjacent to Käsivarsi Wilderness Area in Finland .

The Oregon State Police ( OSP ) is a law enforcement agency of the U.S. state of Oregon . The OSP is charged to enforce all of Oregon 's criminal laws , including assisting local law enforcement agencies . Colonel Travis Hampton has served as Superintendent since July 1 , 2016 . The agency differs from other state police , such as the California Highway Patrol , in that their primary focus is not limited to highway and traffic enforcement . The OSP is one of the few law enforcement agencies in the United States that monitors the security of the state lottery . Oregon State Police has primary jurisdiction on state highways and all other state owned property , and it often responds to incidents in rural areas when other local agencies are unable to respond or need extra assistance .

Boris Kollár ( born 14 August 1965 ) is a Slovak businessman born in Bratislava . In 2015 , he started the political party We Are Family ( ) with the stated goal of " to erase corruption from Slovak society and to successfully fight against political oligarchy . " His views include libertarian economics combined with soft Euroscepticism . He mostly criticizes Angela Merkel for uncontrolled Schengen borders and also for letting refugees come to Europe freely on their own . He views uncontrolled immigration as a danger for all of Europe . His party won 11 seats to the National Council during the Slovak parliamentary election , 2016 . Kollár lived for a short period of time in Miami , United States . In 2016 , a member of the Slovak Information Service turned over material to the media linking Boris Kollár to the Slovak mafia .

Transavantgarde or Transavanguardia is the Italian version of Neo - expressionism , an art movement that swept through Italy , and the rest of Western Europe , in the late 1970s and 1980s . The term transavanguardia was coined by the Italian art critic , Achille Bonito Oliva , originating in the " Aperto ' 80 " at the Venice Biennale , and literally means beyond the avant - garde . This art movement responded to the explosion of conceptual art which found many mediums of expression , by reviving painting and reintroducing emotion―especially joy―back into drawing , painting and sculpture . Transavantgarde marked a return to figurative art , as well as mythic imagery , which was rediscovered during the height of the movement . The artists revived figurative art and symbolism , which were less frequently used in movements after World War II like minimalism . The principal transavantgarde artists were Sandro Chia , Francesco Clemente , Enzo Cucchi , Nicola de Maria and Mimmo Paladino .

Club Quarters Hotels are full service hotels designed for business travelers with locations in the U.S. and U.K. Club Quarters was founded by American business executive Ralph Bahna , who opened the first Club Quarters Hotel on West 45th Street in Midtown Manhattan in 1994 . Headquartered in Stamford , CT , Club Quarters Hotels has locations in New York City , London , Chicago , Boston , Philadelphia , Washington , D.C. , Houston and San Francisco . Founder Ralph Bahna sought to open his hotels near major corporate and financial centers . He designed the chain 's business model to give priority to business travelers whose companies and organizations joined Club Quarters Hotels as members . In a 2012 interview with the Haas School of Business at the University of California , Berkeley , Bahna stated that his goal for his hotels was " to have the best locations , be full service , charge less , and still make a big profit . "

Faurot Field , at Memorial Stadium is a stadium in Columbia , Missouri , United States , on the campus of the University of Missouri . It is primarily used for football and serves as the home field for the Missouri Tigers football program . It is the second - largest sports facility by seating capacity in the state of Missouri , to Arrowhead Stadium in Kansas City . In 1972 , Memorial Stadium 's playing surface was named Faurot Field in honor of longtime coach Don Faurot . During the offseason , soccer goals are set up in the end zones and it is used for intramural matches . Until 2012 it was the site of the annual " Providence Bowl " game between Hickman and Rock Bridge high schools , so named because both schools are located on Providence Road in Columbia , and Faurot is roughly equidistant between the two . This tradition stopped when Missouri joined the Southeastern Conference and conference scheduling made hosting the game more difficult . Faurot Field was also home to the Missouri State High School Activities Association ( MSHSAA ) football championships for many years , now held in St. Louis in the climate - controlled Dome at America 's Center . The stadium is an early 20th century horseshoe - shaped stadium , with seating added on in the " open " ( south ) end zone . The original horseshoe is completed by a grass berm in the curved end , which is used for general admission on game days . The berm is famous for the giant block " M " made of painted white stones located behind the end zone . A paved path encircled the west , north and east sides of the field taking the place of the track , but was removed in 1994 .

Joos van Cleve (; also Joos van der Beke ; c. 1485 – 1540/1541 ) was a painter active in Antwerp around 1511 to 1540 . He is known for combining traditional Netherlandish painting techniques with influences of more contemporary Renaissance painting styles . An active member and co - deacon of the Guild of Saint Luke of Antwerp , he is known mostly for his religious works and portraits of royalty . As a skilled technician , his art shows sensitivity to color and a unique solidarity of figures . He was one of the first to introduce broad landscapes in the backgrounds of his paintings , which would become a popular technique of sixteenth century northern Renaissance paintings . He was the father of Cornelis van Cleve ( 1520 - 1567 ) who also became a painter . Cornelis became mentally ill during a residence in England and was therefore referred to as ' Sotte Cleef ' ( mad Cleef ) .

" Add Some Music to Your Day " is a song written by Brian Wilson , Joe Knott and Mike Love for the American rock band The Beach Boys . It was first released as a single in February 1970 . While making no impact overseas at all ( a rarity for the band ) , the song quickly entered the Top 30 in Los Angeles , New York , Boston , and Salt Lake City , and climbed well into the Top 20 in St Louis , Nashville , Lincoln and Orlando . There it stopped , stalling nationally at # 39 in Record World , # 49 in Cash Box , # 64 in Billboard , and # 43 in Canada . It was then released on the band 's 1970 album Sunflower .

Seppo Sanaksenaho ( May 5 , 1938 – November 1 , 2011 ) was a Finnish politician who served as the Mayor of Vaasa from 1997 to 2001 . Sanaksenaho was born in Oulu , Finland , in 1938 . He earned an engineering degree from the Helsinki University of Technology , which now forms part of Aalto University . Sanaksenaho received a master 's degree in engineering from Pennsylvania State University in the United States . Sanaksenaho worked as an engineer for the cities of Porvoo and Helsinki during his early career . He served as the deputy mayor of Vaasa from 1979 to 1996 , before becoming the city 's Mayor in 1997 . Seppo Sanaksenaho died on November 1 , 2011 , at the age 73 .

Viktor von Hacker ( October 21 , 1852 – May 20 , 1933 ) was an Austrian surgeon born in Vienna . In 1878 he received his medical doctorate at the University of Vienna , and after graduation remained in Vienna as an assistant to Theodor Billroth ( 1829 – 1894 ) . Later he was a professor of surgery at the Universities of Innsbruck ( 1894 – 1903 ) and Graz ( 1904 – 1924 ) . Hacker is remembered for his work involving esophagoscopy , esophageal surgery and gastrointestinal surgery . With German - American surgeon Carl Beck ( 1856 – 1911 ) , he is credited with developing a surgical technique for balanic hypospadias . In 1885 , Hacker assisted Billroth when the latter performed the first resection of the pylorus followed by posterior gastrojejunostomy . Afterwards , Hacker documented a detailed account of the operation . With surgeon Georg Lotheissen ( 1868 – 1941 ) , he published two treatises concerning the esophagus , Angeborene Missbildungen , Verletzungen und Erkrankungen der Speiseröhre ( Congenital abnormalities , injuries and diseases of the esophagus ) and Chirurgie der Speiseröhre ( Surgery of the esophagus ) .

This article shows U.S. Census totals for Lincoln County , Maine , broken down by municipality , from 1900 to 2000 . There are two types of incorporated municipalities in Maine , towns and cities . The tables in the New England Historical U.S. Census Totals series differentiate between towns and cities ; however , there have never been any cities in Lincoln County . Most areas of New England are entirely divided into incorporated municipalities , with no unincorporated territory . In the three northern New England states , however , some unincorporated territory does exist , generally in areas that are very sparsely populated . Maine contains significantly more unincorporated territory than the other states , with the bulk of it in interior and northern counties . Some southern and coastal counties , including Lincoln County , also contain smaller amounts of unincorporated territory , however . Some unincorporated territory in Maine is organized into a third type of town - level municipality unique to Maine , called a plantation ( considered to be “ organized ” , but not incorporated ) , while some is entirely unorganized . Lincoln County currently contains one plantation ( Monhegan , which is located on offshore islands ) , as well as a small amount of territory that is entirely unorganized ( Hibberts Gore ) . Separate sections with census totals for unincorporated areas follows the main tables below . For any census , adding up the totals for each town - level municipality , including any plantations or unorganized entities , should yield the county total . Except for Monhegan and Hibberts Gore , all of Lincoln County is incorporated ; except for Hibberts Gore , all of the county is at least organized . For more information on the New England municipal system , see New England town .

Charles de la Boische , Marquis de Beauharnois ( c.12 October 1671 – 12 July 1749 ) was a French Naval officer who served as Governor of New France from 1726 to 1746 . Charles had two brothers who also impacted the history of New France . Claude de Beauharnois was a French Naval officer who spent time commanding ships that maintained supply lines to the colony and François de Beauharnois was intendant of New France for a time . The governor worked well with frontier traders , explorers , and missionaries . His term saw a great expansion in the number of western forts with the leadership of people like La Vérendrye , and the linkage of Canadian and Louisiana colonies . Exploration was pushed west to the Rocky Mountains by La Vérendrye and his sons . Despite a generally peaceful and prosperous administration , he was blamed for the fall of Fortress Louisbourg in 1745 , and was recalled in 1746 , returning to France to following year . Many places carry his name including the town of Beauharnois , Quebec and Fort Beauharnois , Minnesota .

A United Nations Security Council resolution is a UN resolution adopted by the fifteen members of the Security Council ; the UN body charged with " primary responsibility for the maintenance of international peace and security " . The UN Charter specifies ( in Article 27 ) that a draft resolution on non - procedural matters is adopted if nine or more of the fifteen Council members vote for the resolution , and if it is not vetoed by any of the five permanent members . Draft resolutions on " procedural matters " can be adopted on the basis of an affirmative vote by any nine Council members . The five permanent members are the People 's Republic of China ( which replaced the Republic of China in 1971 ) , France , Russia ( which replaced the defunct Soviet Union in 1991 ) , the United Kingdom , and the United States .

Muhlenbergia glomerata is a species of grass known by the common names spiked muhly and marsh muhly . It is native to North America , where it occurs across Canada and the northern half of the United States . This grass produces branching stems up to 1.2 meters tall from a network of rhizomes . The inflorescence is a narrow panicle of spikelets which are up to 8 millimeters long . This grass is found in moist areas in various habitat types . It grows in bogs , marshes , meadows , ditches , fens , swamps , riversides and lakeshores , hot springs , wet forests , alvars , and seasonally flooded land . It occurs in cooler , more moist places than many other C species . It occurs less often in dry places .

Kabala is the capital and largest town of Koinadugu District in the Northern Province of Sierra Leone . Kabala is one of the main towns in Northern Sierra Leone and is set in a rural landscape , surrounded by mountains . Kabala lies approximately north - east of Makeni , the largest city in the north , and approximately east of the capital Freetown . Kabala had a population of 14,108 in the 2004 census , and a current estimate of 18,770 The population of Kabala is predominantly Muslim , though there is a substantial Christian minority . Kabala is an agricultural centre and lies on the far north of Sierra Leone , with close proximity to Kono District and the international border with Guinea . Kabala is one of the largest towns in Sierra Leone in total land area ; but is less densely populated . Kabala is one of the most ethnically diverse cities in Sierra Leone , with no single ethnic group forming a majority . Like the rest of Koinadugu District , the inhabitants of Kabala are largely from the Kuranko , Mandingo , Yalunka , Limba and Fula ethnic groups . Sierra Leone 's president Ernest Bai Koroma celebrated the 2012 new year in Kabala . President Koroma held a townhall meeting at the Yogomaia Field in Kabala and attended new year church services at the Holy Martyrs Catholic Church in the town .

The Abraham Lincoln Bicentennial Foundation is the successor organization of the U.S. Abraham Lincoln Bicentennial Commission ( ALBC ) , which was created by Congress and the President of the United States to plan the commemoration of Abraham Lincoln ’s 200th birthday in 2009 . The Abraham Lincoln Bicentennial Commission sunset on April 30 , 2010 The foundation is committed to initiating and supporting innovative and historically meaningful national , state , and local programs that commemorate the memory and sustain the ideals and historic impact of America ’s sixteenth president , particularly during the current , five - year observances of the American Civil War sesquicentennial . Building on the ALBC ’s original focus on early education , professional scholarship , online access , publications , public programs , and community - based programming , the foundation will offer support , sponsorship , expertise , and encouragement to non - profit initiatives devoted to sharing knowledge , preserving historic sites and artifacts , and engaging diverse audiences on the subjects of leadership , freedom , equality , and opportunity .

Jacob Billikopf , Ph . B. , L.L.D. , ( June 1 , 1882 , Vilnius , Lithuania – December 31 , 1950 ) was a nationally known figure in social work , Jewish philanthropy and labor arbitration . Billikopf had a long and distinguished career in public service work . He served as superintendent of the United Jewish Charities in Milwaukee , Wisconsin and Kansas City , Missouri , before becoming the executive director of the Federation of Jewish Philanthropies in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , chairman of the National Labor Board for the Philadelphia region during the first years of the New Deal . He served as impartial chairman of both the Ladies ' Garment industry and the Amalgamated Clothing Workers in Philadelphia . He later represented the department stores of Philadelphia in their labor relations . He was also a member of the board of trustees of the New School for Social Research , and president of the board of trustees of Howard University . In 1937 and 1938 he dedicated himself full - time to bringing European Jewish refugees into the United States . Following World War II he served on the Clemency Board in Washington which was established to review court martial sentences .

Jell - O salad ( also called gelatin salad , jelly salad , congealed salad , or molded salad ) is a salad made with flavored gelatin , fruit , and sometimes grated carrots or more rarely , other vegetables . Other ingredients may include cottage cheese , cream cheese , marshmallows , nuts , or pretzels . These salads were popular in the 1960s . Because of its many elements , the result has speckled bits of color against a colored gelatin background . For example , one might have lime green gelatin with brown nuts or pretzels , bits of white from cottage cheese , and red and orange from the fruit cocktail . Therefore , it has a " salad " appearance . The " salad " theme continues in variants containing mayonnaise or salad dressing . When one uses plain gelatin instead of sweetened gelatin , then the use of vegetables becomes more common , such as in tomato aspic . The name comes from the brand name Jell - O , a common gelatin product . Jell - O salads are a common feature of US communal meals such as potlucks , most probably because they are inexpensive and easy to prepare . The origins of Jell - O salad can be traced back to a dish called Perfection Salad , by Mrs. John E. Cook of New Castle , Pennsylvania , which won third prize in a Better Homes & Gardens recipe contest . In Utah , where Jell - O is the official state snack , Jell - O salad is available in local restaurants such as Chuck - A - Rama . A traditional Newfoundland cold plate also commonly includes variations of a Jell - O salad .

, operating as Mori Building Company , is a Japanese property management firm . As of 2015 its president and CEO is . Its headquarters are in the Roppongi Hills Mori Tower in Roppongi , Minato , Tokyo . Mori Building has been managing office building leases since 1955 . Its focus has been in Minato , Tokyo . As of 2011 , it manages 107 office facilities in Japan and China with a total of of space . Taikichiro Mori , the founder , quit his job as an economics professor and entered the real estate business . He became the richest man in the world , and his net worth in 1992 was $ 13 billion U.S. dollars . At the time his net worth was double that of Bill Gates and $ 3 billion more than Yoshiaki Tsutsumi . Taikichiro Mori died of heart failure on January 30 , 1993 , at the age of 88 .

Nazriya Nazim is an Indian film actress and producer , who predominantly works in Malayalam and Tamil films . She started her career as an anchor on Malayalam television channel Asianet before pursuing a career as an actress . There she get good response from viewers . She made her debut as a child artist with Palunku ( 2006 ) and then as a lead actress in the 2013 Malayalam film Maad Dad . She has gone on to star in successful films such as Raja Rani ( 2013 ) , Ohm Shanthi Oshaana ( 2014 ) and Naiyaandi and Bangalore Days ( 2014 ) . Following her marriage to actor Fahadh Faasil , she took a break from acting . After a short break She made a comeback in 2018 with a movie Koode .

The Young Muslims UK ( YMUK ) was established in 1984 and celebrated its 25th Anniversary in 2009 . It became the youth wing of the Islamic Society of Britain ( ISB ) in 1990 with an aim to " provide a vehicle for committed young British Muslims to combine their knowledge , skills and efforts for the benefit of one another and British society as a whole . " The Young Muslims UK is an affiliate body of the Muslim Council of Britain . In 1995 , the organisation participated in the Euro - Islam conference in Stockholm , Sweden , organised on a directive from the Swedish Ministry for Foreign Affairs . The youth section of this conference was dominated by participants with connections to the Muslim Brotherhood and similar forms of ideology , for instance the Jamat - i Islami , according to French islamologist Gilles Kepel . This conference resulted in the founding of the Forum of European Youth and Student Organisations ( FEMYSO ) .

Pictures is the eighth studio album by American country music artist John Michael Montgomery . It was also his first full - length album for Warner Bros. Records , following the closure of Atlantic Records ' country division in 2001 . The track " ' Til Nothing Comes Between Us " , the first single , was a Top 20 hit on the Hot Country Songs charts in 2002 . " Four Wheel Drive " and " Country Thang " were also released as singles , although neither reached Top 40 . " It Goes Like This " is a collaboration with the band Sixwire , who at the time were also on Warner Bros. Records . Their lead singer , Steve Mandile , co - wrote the track .

The lake chubsucker ( Erimyzon sucetta ) is a freshwater fish endemic to North America , being found in the Great Lakes and the Mississippi River basin , as far north as Ontario , Canada , extending south to the Gulf of Mexico . It is mostly found in lakes , ponds , and swamps , rarely in streams . It is a freshwater fish , and intermediate level consumer as it feeds on benthic detritus . More specifically it eats microcrustacea and midge larvae . Its average length is 25.8   cm . E. sucetta reportedly scatters its eggs randomly over aquatic vegetation and submerged grass in ponds or over gravelly areas cleared by males . While the chubsucker is not in acute danger , 50 % of its current range is secure , it is facing some difficulties because of siltation caused by agricultural practices . It can also be affected by coal ash spills , both directly by decreased swimming performance and indirectly by decreased energy resources available to it after release of coal ash into its environment . This being said , its range has declined in many states like Missouri , Arkansas , Ohio , and possibly even Tennessee .

Vincent Di Fate ( born November 21 , 1945 ) is an American artist specializing in science fiction and fantasy illustration . He was inducted by the Science Fiction Hall of Fame on June 25 , 2011 . Di Fate was born in Yonkers , New York . He studied at the Phoenix School of Design in New York City and received his MA in Illustration at Syracuse University . He broke into speculative fiction pulp magazines with illustrations for three different stories in the August 1969 issue of Analog Science Fiction / Science Fact , edited by John W. Campbell , and did his first cover illustration for the November issue . Di Fate calls his 1997 book Infinite Worlds " the first comprehensive history of science fiction art in America " .

Konstantin Belikov (; 1909 – 3 July 1987 ) was a Soviet football defender and referee . Master of Sports of the USSR . Belikov was born in Zuyevo . He started playing football in local team Krasny Tekstilshchik . In the early 1930s he served in the army , then moved to Stalingrad , where until 1938 played for the team Dynamo Stalingrad . In 1939 he moved to the main team city – Traktor Stalingrad , which played in Soviet Top League . In the same year helped the team to take the highest place in the history of the team 's performance in Soviet Top League – 4th place . During the Great Patriotic War Konstantin Belikov went to the front , took part in the Battle of Stalingrad , and in May 1943 , after the battle , was one of the participants of the famous . 3 February 1943 received the medal " For Battle Merit " . Was also awarded the medal " For the Defence of Stalingrad " . After completing his playing career , worked football referee . He died in 1987 in Volgograd .

The peter pepper , Capsicum annuum var . annuum , is an heirloom chili pepper that is best known for its unusual shape . It is a type of Capsicum annuum , though it is not officially recognized as a cultivar of the species . It occurs in red and yellow varieties . The pepper is considered very rare , and its origin is unknown . The pepper is most commonly grown in East Texas and Louisiana , although it is grown in Mexico , as well . It was first popularized in the United States by Frank X. Tolbert in his Dallas Morning News column about obscure local history , although he saw the pepper only once in his life . It has since been studied by horticulture experts at the University of Texas at Austin and Louisiana State University . Though it is rare , its seeds are available from some private suppliers . It is adaptable to a variety of growing conditions . The seeds have also been exported to Asian countries , including South Korea . The pepper has often been noted for its phallic appearance when fully grown . The pepper , particularly the red variety , has been described as a " miniature replica of the uncircumcised male organ " . The pod of the pepper is wrinkled and has a round tip with a cleft . It is approximately 3 to 4   inches in length , and 1 to 1.5   inches wide when fully mature . The pod of the pepper has also been noted for its pungency . As it has a very high Scoville rating , the pepper has been suggested for ornamental use rather than human consumption . It is sometimes pickled , though . It was described by Frank X. Tolbert , a Texas journalist , historian , and chili enthusiast in one of his columns called " Tolbert 's Texas " he wrote for the Dallas Morning News . Jean Andrews , in her book Peppers : the domesticated Capsicums , states the peter pepper did have all the qualifications " to be honored by the pen " of Mr. Tolbert , who wrote about " little - known facts about little - known things that occur in little - known places in Texas " . Ms. Andrews described how hard it was to get the seed of this " little - known things that occur in little - known places " that she needed to study , but eventually she got the seeds , and was amused to see how " resulting pods naturally and consistently contorted themselves into a miniature replica of the circumcised male organ . "

Pop art is an art movement that emerged in Britain and the United States during the mid- to late-1950s . The movement presented a challenge to traditions of fine art by including imagery from popular and mass culture , such as advertising , comic books and mundane cultural objects . One of its aims is to use images of popular ( as opposed to elitist ) culture in art , emphasizing the banal or kitschy elements of any culture , most often through the use of irony . It is also associated with the artists ' use of mechanical means of reproduction or rendering techniques . In pop art , material is sometimes visually removed from its known context , isolated , or combined with unrelated material . Among the early artists that shaped the pop art movement were Eduardo Paolozzi and Richard Hamilton in Britain , and Larry Rivers , Robert Rauschenberg and Jasper Johns among others in the United States . Pop art is widely interpreted as a reaction to the then - dominant ideas of abstract expressionism , as well as an expansion of those ideas . Due to its utilization of found objects and images , it is similar to Dada . Pop art and minimalism are considered to be art movements that precede postmodern art , or are some of the earliest examples of postmodern art themselves . Pop art often takes imagery that is currently in use in advertising . Product labeling and logos figure prominently in the imagery chosen by pop artists , seen in the labels of Campbell 's Soup Cans , by Andy Warhol . Even the labeling on the outside of a shipping box containing food items for retail has been used as subject matter in pop art , as demonstrated by Warhol 's Campbell 's Tomato Juice Box , 1964 ( pictured ) .

Pauline Kael (; June 19 , 1919   – September 3 , 2001 ) was an American film critic who wrote for The New Yorker magazine from 1968 to 1991 . Kael was known for her " witty , biting , highly opinionated and sharply focused " reviews , her opinions often contrary to those of her contemporaries . She was one of the most influential American film critics of her day . She left a lasting impression on many other prominent film critics . Roger Ebert argued in an obituary that Kael " had a more positive influence on the climate for film in America than any other single person over the last three decades " . The critic , he said , " had no theory , no rules , no guidelines , no objective standards . You could n't apply her ' approach ' to a film . With her it was all personal " . Owen Gleiberman said she " was more than a great critic . She reinvented the form , and pioneered an entire aesthetic of writing " .

Le Gros et le maigre ( English title : The Fat and the Lean ) is a short silent , comic film written and directed by Roman Polanski in 1961 . Polanski shot this short film just after graduating from The National Film School in Łódź in 1959 ; it was made in France and was Polanski 's last film before the international breakthrough of his 1962 debut feature , Knife in the Water . The Fat and the Lean features the music of Krzysztof Komeda , who composed the scores for all but one of the director 's films between Two Men and a Wardrobe ( 1958 ) and Rosemary 's Baby ( 1968 ) . In The Fat and the Lean , Polanski plays a barefoot slave playing a flute and beating a drum to entertain his master who rocks in a rocking chair in front of his mansion in the countryside overlooking Paris . The slave wipes his master 's brow , feeds him , washes his feet , shades him from the sun with an umbrella , and holds a urinal for him , all the while longing to escape to Paris , which we can see in the distance . A humorous psychological game between the master and the slave transpires whereby the master attempts to prevent the slave from escaping to Paris . The inspiration for the film appears to be the master - slave relationship between Pozzo and Lucky in Samuel Beckett 's Waiting for Godot . Indeed , as with many of Polanski 's early short films , the influence of Beckett and the Theater of the Absurd is very strong . The Fat and the Lean has been interpreted as allegorical work expressing Polanski 's youthful desire to flee the repressive communist regime in postwar Poland and escape to the West . Portions of the film were featured in Marina Zenovich 's controversial 2008 documentary , . In the context of the documentary , the situation depicted in The Fat in the Lean seems a bitterly ironic commentary on Polanski 's legal troubles during 1977 — almost fifteen years after he had left Poland and was living and working in Los Angeles as a successful Hollywood director . The slave tries to flee to Paris ; the master gives the slave a goat in order to persuade him to stay . But the goat is chained to the slave 's ankle , and becomes so inconvenient that the slave tries to flee once more . The master frees the goat and unfastens the chain , and the slave is so overjoyed that he remains to serve the master with renewed vigor and enthusiasm . If there is an allegory here it might be about human nature and subjugation .

Pramoedya Ananta Toer ( EYD : Pramudya Ananta Tur ) ( 6 February 1925 – 30 April 2006 ) was an Indonesian author of novels , short stories , essays , polemics and histories of his homeland and its people . His works span the colonial period , Indonesia 's struggle for independence , its occupation by Japan during the Second World War , as well as the post - colonial authoritarian regimes of Sukarno and Suharto , and are infused with personal and national history . The Dutch Government imprisoned him from 1947 to 1949 , the Suharto regime from 1965 to 1979 . Pramoedya 's writings sometimes fell out of favor with the colonial and later the authoritarian native governments in power . Pramoedya faced censorship in Indonesia during the pre - reformation era despite the fact that he was well known outside Indonesia . The Dutch imprisoned him from 1947 to 1949 during the War of Independence ( 1945 - 1949 ) . During the changeover ( coup ) to the Suharto regime Pramoedya was caught up in the shifting tides of political change and power struggles in Indonesia . Suharto had him imprisoned from 1969 to 1979 on the Maluku island of Buru and branded him a Communist . He was seen as a holdover from the previous regime ( even though he had struggled with the former Sukarno regime ) . It was on the Island of Buru that he composed his most famous work , the Buru Quartet . Not permitted access to writing materials , he recited the story orally to other prisoners before it was written down and smuggled out . Pramoedya opposed some policies of founding President Sukarno as well as the New Order regime of Suharto , Sukarno 's successor . Political criticisms were often subtle in his writing , although he was outspoken against colonialism , racism and corruption of the Indonesian new Government . During the many years in which he suffered imprisonment and house arrest ( in Jakarta after his imprisonment on Buru ) , he became a cause célèbre for advocates of human rights and freedom of expression .

The Shire of Livingstone is a local government area located in the Capricornia region of Central Queensland , Queensland , Australia , to the immediate north and east of the regional city of Rockhampton . The shire , administered from the coastal town of Yeppoon , covers an area of , and existed as a local government entity from 1879 until 2008 , when it amalgamated with several other councils to become the Rockhampton Region . The Shire was re - established on 1 January 2014 following a successful de - amalgamation referendum in 2013 . Industry within the shire is diverse . Timber is harvested from extensive pine plantations near Byfield in the north . Significant pineapple production takes place within the shire , as well as other agricultural crops . Tourism is increasingly becoming a mainstay of the area , with Keppel Bay and the nearby islands a major drawcard , and more than half of the Shire 's population lives in the coastal area centred on Yeppoon and Emu Park . The coastal strip within the shire is known as the Capricorn Coast . The Shoalwater Bay Military Training Area is also located within the shire .

Howrah is a suburb of the City of Clarence , part of the greater Hobart area , Tasmania , Australia . It is east of Bellerive and north of Tranmere . Howrah is a beachside suburb , with views across the Derwent River to Hobart City . Clarence Street runs through the centre of the suburb separating the hillside section from the beachside . Howrah has a number of parks including Wentworth Park , which is one of the key sport ( such as soccer , field hockey and touch football ) and recreation areas on the Eastern Shore . Clarence High School is generally thought to be in Howrah , due to it being located west of Wentworth Street , however it is in Bellerive . Howrah has a primary school , Shoreline Shopping Centre , is the largest shopping centre in Howrah . Howrah was named after Howrah House , a property established in the 1830s on Clarence Plains by a retired Indian Army officer who took the name from a place of the same name near Calcutta .

Movladi Saidarbievich Udugov (; born February 9 , 1962 in Germenchuk , Shalinsky District , Chechnya into the Shirdi teip ) is an activist and the former First Deputy Prime Minister of the separatist Chechen Republic of Ichkeria ( ChRI ) . As a Chechen propaganda chief , he was credited for the Chechen separatists ' victory on the information front during the First Chechen War . A highly - controversial figure , following a particularly fundamentalist strain of Islam that is not shared by most Chechens , he is currently one of the ideologues and the main propagandist behind the Caucasus Emirate ( a Pan - Islamic militant movement that is rejecting the idea of a merely independent Chechen state in favor of an Islamic state encompassing most of the Russia 's North Caucasus and based on Islamic Sharia law ) .

Men at Arms is a fantasy novel by British writer Terry Pratchett , the 15th book in the Discworld series , first published in 1993 . It is the second novel about the Ankh - Morpork City Watch on the Discworld . Lance - constable Angua von Überwald , later in the series promoted to the rank of Sergeant , is introduced in this book . Lance - constable ( in the course of the novel promoted to Acting - constable ) Detritus is introduced as a new member of the watch as well , though he had already appeared in other Discworld novels , most notably in Moving Pictures . Also notable is the only appearance of Lance - constable Cuddy ( also promoted to Acting - constable ) .

Jan Joost van Cossiau ( c.1660 – 1732 ) was a Flemish landscape painter and engraver who was born near Breda . He spent most of his career in Frankfurt am Main . His landscapes usually include people , and also often buildings and cattle . They are in the “ Italian style ” and generally resemble those of Gaspard Dughet ( 1613 – 1675 ) . Cossiau worked for Lothar Franz von Schönborn at his electoral court , as well as at his Schloss Weißenstein ( castle ) . He was also director of the electoral gallery at Pommersfelden , where he established the final directory of paintings , after the first survey by Johann Rudolph Bys . In order to extend his gallery , Lothar Franz sent his two gallery directors often to the Netherlands and Italy . Jan Joost van Cossiau died in Mainz in 1732 .

Parrandas are a traditional carnival - like street party with origins date back to the 18th century . They take place in northern and central cities of the former Las Villas province ( now divided into Villa Clara , Sancti Spíritus and Ciego de Ávila provinces ) in Cuba , they also form part of Puerto Rican culture . Most famous parrandas are celebrated in Remedios colonial city where these festivities were originated . Second most popular are celebrated in Camajuaní , followed in popularity by Vueltas , Zulueta , Chambas , Guayos , El Santo , Taguayabón , Buenavista , Calabazar de Sagua , Zaza del Medio , Falcón and many more small town of this central region of Cuba . In Puerto Rico , parrandas or asaltos are musical festivities in the Christmas season holidays .

Isaac Charles Parker ( October 15 , 1838   – November 17 , 1896 ) was an American politician and jurist . He served as the United States Congressman for Missouri 's 7th congressional district for two terms and presided over the United States District Court for the Western District of Arkansas for 21 years . He became known as the " Hanging Judge " of the American Old West due to the large number of convicts whom he sentenced to death . In 21 years on the federal bench , Judge Parker tried 13,490 cases . In more than 8,500 of these cases , the defendant either pleaded guilty or was convicted at trial . Parker sentenced 160 people to death ; 79 of them were executed . Parker 's health deteriorated in the 1890s and the jurisdiction and power of his court were reduced by Congress . In September 1896 , Congress effectively closed the District Court for the Western District of Arkansas by removing its jurisdiction . Shortly after , on November 17 , 1896 , Parker died of complications due to Bright 's disease . He is buried in Fort Smith .

Melitta Breznik ( born Kapfenberg 1961 ) is a senior doctor , specializing in psychiatry and a writer of novels and short stories . She was born in southern Austria , though most of her professional life has been spent in Switzerland . Melitta Breznik studied medicine in Graz and Innsbruck which is where she obtained her doctorate . She was a senior doctor at the Psychiatric Clinic in Cazis ( south of Chur ) , at the Private Psychiatric Clinic at the Zürichberg and at the Hohenegg Psychiatric Clinic in Meilen . Between 2004 and 2009 she had her own medical business focused on psychiatry and psychotherapy at Chur . Most recently she headed up the Anthroposophic Psychosomatic Rehabilitation Clinic at Badenweiler on the south - western tip of Germany . Melitta Breznik in the author of novels and short stories , which are influenced by family and professional experience of psychiatry and which have been critically praised for their precise style .

Sir Benjamin Franklin , KCIE ( 1844 – 17 February 1917 ) was a British surgeon . After being educated at University College , London and in Paris , he entered the Indian Medical Service in April 1869 , and worked at Lucknow and Simla . In 1894 he was appointed personal physician to Lord Elgin , the Viceroy , and held this position until 1899 . He was appointed Director General of the Indian Medical Service on 2 December 1901 , and was thus the highest ranked officer in the military medical service in British India . The position was combined with that of Sanitary Commissioner with the Government of India , and ranked as a major general , though he also received the personal promotion to the rank of surgeon - general on the day of appointment . He was honorary physician to Queen Victoria , King Edward VII and King George V , and served as the British delegate to the International Sanitary Conferences at Rome in 1907 and Paris in 1911 – 12 . He was appointed KCIE in 1908 .

Mahmud Astrakhani ( Urdu;Persian;Arabic : ) was one of Küchük Muhammad 's sons and a Khan who founded the Khanate of Astrakhan in the 1460s . After years of struggle for the throne of the Great Horde against Akhmat Khan , he escaped to the town of Hajji Tarkhan ( or Xacitarxan ) , establishing the independent Khanate of Astrakhan there . Mahmud Astrakhani maintained friendly relations with his powerful neighbors - the Nogay Horde and the Great Horde and coined his own money . His letter to the Ottoman Sultan Mehmed II ( as dispatched on April 10 , 1466 ) is a curious example of diplomatic epistles written in the 15th - century Old Tatar language . The content is a necessity of renewal of diplomatic relations between Turkey and Astrakhan , and sending ambassadors to Istanbul . For uncertainties and additional information see the second part of List of Astrakhan khans . His son Janibeg briefly ruled Crimea in the winter of 1476/77 until he was driven out by the legitimate ruler Nur Devlet .

Hansberry v. Lee , 311 U.S. 32 ( 1940 ) , is a famous case now usually known in civil procedure for teaching that res judicata may not bind a subsequent plaintiff who had no opportunity to be represented in the earlier civil action . The facts of the case dealt with a racially restrictive covenant that barred African Americans from purchasing or leasing land in the Washington Park Subdivision of Chicago 's Woodlawn neighborhood . The covenant had been upheld in a prior class action lawsuit , which had included Lee , along with all the other neighborhood landowners , as members of the class . The defense in the present case argued that Carl Augustus Hansberry ( father of Lorraine Hansberry ) could not contest the covenant because it had already been deemed valid by the courts in the prior lawsuit . The US Supreme Court disagreed and held that since some of the neighborhood landowners ( 46 % ) comprising the class of the prior lawsuit did not support the restrictive covenant , the previous decision that the covenant was valid could not apply to all members of that class . In other words , it was erroneous to allow the 54 % of neighborhood landowners who had supported the restrictive covenant to represent the interests of the 46 % who were against it . Therefore , the Supreme Court held that the restrictive covenant could be contested in court again , even though some of the parties involved may have been included in the prior class of neighborhood landowner . Later , the type of real property restriction , racially restrictive covenants , was held by Shelley v. Kraemer , , to be state action because the plaintiffs seeking to enforce such a covenant were invoking the machinery of the state .

Ataxia was a short - lived American experimental rock band formed in 2004 by guitarist John Frusciante ( Red Hot Chili Peppers ) , bassist Joe Lally ( Fugazi ) and drummer Josh Klinghoffer ( Red Hot Chili Peppers , Dot Hacker , The Bicycle Thief ) , who later succeeded Frusciante as the lead guitarist of the Red Hot Chili Peppers . Ataxia wrote and recorded songs for two weeks , and the material was separated into two albums : Automatic Writing ( 2004 ) and AW II ( 2007 ) . The songs all feature a ground - bass line with the guitar overlaying different motifs and long developments . In March 2008 , Lally described the band 's writing process : Ataxia performed two shows , both at the Knitting Factory in Los Angeles , on February 2 and February 3 , 2004 . Following this , the group disbanded . Josh Klinghoffer continued to work with Frusciante on his solo projects , and is the current guitarist for the Red Hot Chili Peppers , after Frusciante 's departure in 2009 .

The Slav Epic ( ) is a cycle of 20 large canvases painted by Czech Art Nouveau painter Alfons Mucha between 1910 and 1928 . The cycle depicts the mythology and history of Czechs and other Slavic peoples . In 1928 , after finishing his monumental work , Mucha bestowed the cycle upon the city of Prague on condition that the city build a special pavilion for it . Prior to 2012 , the work was a part of the permanent exhibition at the chateau in the town of Moravský Krumlov in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic . In 2012 , all 20 works were moved and displayed together on the ground floor of the Veletržní Palace till 2016 , in an exhibition organized by the National Gallery in Prague ( exhibition catalogue : Alfons Mucha – Slovanská epopej ) .

Antara Gange ( also known as Anthargange ) is a mountain situated in the Shathashrunga mountain range in the southeastern portion of the Indian state of Karnataka , Kolar district . Antara Gange literally means " Ganges from deep " in Kannada . It is about two miles from the town of Kolar and seventy kilometers from Bangalore . Antara Gange is famous for Sri Kashi Vishweshwara temple , also known as Kashi of South . The temple is dedicated to Lord Shiva . In the temple is a pond which gets a continuous flow of underground water from the mouth of a Basava ( stone bull ) . It is believed that drinking water from the pond cleanse one from many diseases . Way to Antar Gange caves is a steep and narrow path behind the temple to top of the mountain . The caves are 3 - 4 km from the temple . There are seven villages on this mountain , including Therhalli . The mountain consists of granite rocks and lot of caves around . Trekking in and around caves is popular here . Tourists also do night trekking and camping here , especially in summer months .

Auburn was an unincorporated community in rural Baker County , Oregon , United States , now considered a ghost town . Auburn lies off Oregon Route 7 southwest of Baker City and east of McEwen on the edge of the Blue Mountains . Auburn is deserted today , but the former gold mining boomtown was once the largest community in Eastern Oregon . Auburn only had one or two buildings until 1861 , when gold was discovered in the area . By September 1862 , Auburn had grown into a full - fledged town with over 20 stores and 1000 homes to serve the mining industry . In that month the Oregon Legislative Assembly made Auburn the first county seat of Baker County , but by the 1870s Auburn was largely deserted , with a population of 200 people in 1873 . The post office , the first in northeast Oregon , closed in 1903 . It had opened on November 1 , 1862 , with William F. McCrary as the first postmaster .

Edward Tangye Lean ( 23 February 1911 – 28 October 1974 ) was a British author and original founder of the Inklings literary club in Oxford . Lean 's father was Francis William le Blount Lean and his mother was Helena Annie ( née Tangye ) Lean , who were married in 1904 , separated by 1927 , and were both Quakers . He was the younger brother of David Lean , the film director . After leaving Leighton Park School , Tangye Lean was an undergraduate at University College , Oxford . While at Oxford , he founded the original Inklings club around 1931 , for the reading of unfinished compositions . The club consisted of students and dons , including J. R. R. Tolkien and C. S. Lewis . When Lean left Oxford in 1933 , the club faltered . However , its name was transferred by Tolkien and Lewis to their literary group at Magdalen College . Lean also contributed to the Isis magazine at Oxford . Lean went on to become a writer , especially on historical themes . He was a journalist and book reviewer for the News Chronicle . Later , he was Director of External Broadcasting at the BBC .

Doug is an American animated television series created by Jim Jinkins . The show focuses on the early adolescent life of its title character , Douglas " Doug " Funnie , who experiences common predicaments while attending school in his new hometown of Bluffington . Doug narrates each story in his journal , and the show incorporates many imagination sequences . The series addresses numerous topics , including trying to fit in , platonic and romantic relationships , self - esteem , bullying , and rumors . Many episodes center on Doug 's attempts to impress his classmate and crush , Patti Mayonnaise . Jinkins developed Doug from drawings in his sketchbook that he created over the course of the 1980s . Doug , a mostly autobiographical creation , was largely inspired by Jinkins 's childhood growing up in Virginia , with most characters in the series being based on real individuals . He first pitched Doug as a children 's book to uninterested publishers before Nickelodeon purchased the show . Following this , the series underwent further development , in which Jinkins meticulously detailed every aspect of the show 's setting . Jinkins was insistent that the series have a purpose , and instructed writers to annotate each script with a moral . The show 's unusual soundtrack consists largely of mouth noises . The series premiered in 1991 on the cable network Nickelodeon , as the channel 's first original animated content alongside Rugrats and The Ren & Stimpy Show . The series ' original run consisted of 52 episodes over four seasons that were broadcast from 1991 to 1994 . In 1996 , Disney acquired the series , retooling it with several creative changes , thus renaming it Brand Spanking New ! Doug ( retitled Disney 's Doug in 1998 ) , and airing it for three years on ABC 's Saturday morning lineup . It became a top - rated show , inspiring various books , merchandise , a live musical stage show , and a theatrical feature , Doug 's 1st Movie , released at the series ' conclusion in 1999 .

Rothe House is a late 16th - century merchant 's townhouse complex located in the city of Kilkenny . The complex was built by John Rothe Fitz - Piers between 1594 – 1610 and is made up of three houses , three enclosed courtyards , and a large reconstructed garden with orchard . Rothe House is the only remaining example of its type in Ireland , and considered to be nationally significant because of the range of original post - medieval features that survive . The property , an important element of Kilkenny 's heritage , is owned by the Kilkenny Archaeological Society and houses some of the society 's collection of artefacts relating to Kilkenny City , County and Ireland . The garden to the rear of the house has been reconstructed to reflect a typical 17th - century garden . The burgage plot on which Rothe House was built survives intact – one of a few in such an unaltered state . Kilkenny 's medieval city wall forms part of the curtilage of the Rothe House complex .

Amalie Raiffeisen ( 2 August 1846 - 11 January 1897 ) was a German social reformer . By the 1860s her father , Friedrich Wilhelm Raiffeisen , was almost blind . By handling his correspondence with him she was indispensable in his creation of the Cooperative movement in Germany . She grew up in a religious family and was educated according to the social precepts of the time , accepting that even after reaching adulthood it was her duty to respect her father 's wishes . These involved shunning marriage in order to stay by her father 's side and help him in his work . After Friedrich Wilhelm Raiffeisen eventually died , in 1888 , she continued to work for the Cooperative movement . From 1892 till her own death she was the only surviving family member with shares in the undertaking .

Oakdale is a city in Washington County , Minnesota , United States , is a suburb of Saint Paul and is on the eastern side of the Twin Cities Metropolitan area . The population was 27,378 at the 2010 census . Oakdale is the 32nd largest city in Minnesota , in terms of population . Oakdale lies entirely within the North St. Paul – Maplewood – Oakdale school district , and the city 's students are split into two high schools within the district . Tartan High School is located within the city 's boundaries , and serves the southern half of Oakdale . The city 's northern residents are served by North High School in North St. Paul . Imation ( now known as Glassbridge ) World Headquarters was located in Oakdale . Nearby 3 M Headquarters employs many residents of the city . Oakdale , Minnesota is currently the most populous of all municipalities that share the name Oakdale in the United States .

Leslie Mynard ( 19 December 1925 – 25 July 2008 ) was an English footballer who appeared in the Football League for Wolverhampton Wanderers , Derby County and Scunthorpe United . Mynard joined Wolverhampton Wanderers in 1945 , from non - league side Bewdley . He made his debut on 7 February 1948 in a 2 - 1 win over Huddersfield , the first of three consecutive starts for the winger . However , these proved his only taste of first team action at Molineux and he moved to Derby County in May 1949 . He found playing time equally scare at his new club though and made just 14 appearances in three years . He moved to Third Division Scunthorpe and Lindsey United for the 1952 - 53 season before dropping into the non - league . He finished his playing career with spells at Worcester City , Halesowen Town , Bromsgrove Rovers and Kidderminster Harriers , respectively . He died on 25 July 2008 , aged 82 .

Grand Bank , Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada or ' Grand Banc ' as the first French settlers pronounced it , is a small rural town with a population of 2,580 . It is located on the southern tip or " toe " of the Burin Peninsula ( also known as " the boot " ) , 360   km from the province 's capital of St. John 's . Grand Banc was inhabited by French fisherman as early as 1640 and started as a fishing settlement with about seven families . It was given the name " Grand Banc " because of the high bank that extends from Admiral 's Cove to the water 's edge on the west side of the harbour . The Town of Grand Bank can attribute much of its past and present growth and prosperity to its proximity to the fishing grounds and its ice - free harbour . Original settlers thrived on trade with the French and a vigorous inshore fishing industry . Grand Bank became the nucleus of the bank fishing industry for Newfoundland and a service centre for Fortune Bay . With the decline of the salt fish industry , the town 's emphasis quickly shifted to fresh fish production . Enterprising businessmen and town planners prepared the way for a fresh fish plant ( present day Grand Bank Seafoods Inc. ) and a fleet of trawlers .

Régine Hantelle better known by her stage name Anaïs ( born 1 March 1965 in Paris , France ) is a French singer . In 1988 , she formed a duo with her twin sister Alice as Alice et Anaïs had a successful single " A deux " . In 1991 , she released her first solo album " L'étudiante " that included the track " Le temps est long " ( a duet with Alice ) , as well as " L'amour avec toi " , " J't'en veux " and " Rêves des lunes " as singles . She is well known for her many collaborations with Didier Barbelivien , her companion as Anaïs et Didier Barbelivien . Their album " Vendée ' 93 " sold 2 million copies and saw release of singles " Les mariés de Vendée " in 1992 and " Quitter l'autoroute " in 1993 ) .

ServusTV is a TV station based in Wals - Siezenheim in the Austrian state of Salzburg . Its current name is derived from a popular greeting common to many parts of Germanic and Central Europe . The station started as Salzburg TV in 1995 and was initially available only by cable in Salzburg . The TV station got media attention as it started terrestrial transmission on 25 October 2000 , which was illegal at that time in Austria . The transmission facility , located at Untersberg transmitter ( owned by Germany , but physically located in Austria ) , was confiscated by Austrian authorities after five days . As a protest , the owner of Salzburg TV entered a hunger strike for two weeks . As a response , terrestrial transmission of private TV stations was legalized in Austria , and transmission restarted in 2002 from the old transmission site on UHF channel 36 . The TV station was sold in 2004 to prevent its bankruptcy . In 2007 the shares went to Red Bull GmbH. The original owners sold their shares on the station soon after , and in 2009 the station was renamed to Servus TV . The station started terrestrial transmissions in Berlin in December 2011 and in Hamburg in June 2014 .

IN - Q or IN - Question , is the stage name of Adam Schmalholz , an American songwriter and National Poetry Slam champion from Los Angeles , California . Schmalholz describes his poetry as a reflection of his own experiences and life lessons . Recognized for his ability to bring poetry to pop culture , IN - Q helped establish one of the largest open mic poetry venues in the United States called " Da Poetry Lounge , " held at the Greenway Court Theatre in Los Angeles . In 2017 , he was named one of the top creatives on Oprah 's SuperSoul 100 list . He is the first poet to perform at a Cirque Du Soleil production and as a songwriter , IN - Q has worked with artists like Miley Cyrus , Aloe Blacc , Mike Posner , Selena Gomez and co - wrote the official World Cup anthem in 2014 .

The Caniapiscau River ( ) is a tributary of the Koksoak River in Nunavik , Quebec , Canada . In Cree the name of the river means rocky point . Starting from Lac Sevestre ( south - west from Fermont ) on the Canadian Shield , the Caniapiscau River flows northward through a wide , timbered glacial valley until it makes a sharp turn at its confluence with the Rivière aux Mélèzes ( Larch River ) . At this point ( called Kanniq Confluence ) , the river becomes the Koksoak River . The total length of the Caniapiscau River is . Since 1985 , the headwaters of the Caniapiscau River have been diverted into the La Grande hydroelectric complex . The headwaters of the Caniapiscau River , representing about 45 % of the total flow , now drain into the La Grande River of James Bay . The Caniapiscau Reservoir , which covers about , or about nine times the size of the natural Lake Caniapiscau , fills a depression in the highest part of the Canadian Shield . The total catchment basin is about . Important variations in the water flow of the Caniapiscau River from 1981 to 1984 , during the period when the Caniapiscau Reservoir was being filled , may have contributed to the death by drowning of 9,600 migratory woodland caribou in September 1984 at Chute du Calcaire ( about 1,5 % of George River herd ) . The Caniapiscau River basin has no permanent inhabitants , although Cree from the James Bay region as well as southern hunters do travel to the area by bush plane and via the Trans - Taiga Road . From time to time , the river is visited by canoeists .

Shaoxing (; ) is a prefecture - level city on the southern shore of Hangzhou Bay in eastern Zhejiang province , China . It was formerly known as Kuaiji and Shanyin and abbreviated in Chinese as ( Yuè ) from the area 's former inhabitants . Located on the south bank of the Qiantang River estuary , it borders Ningbo to the east , Taizhou to the southeast , Jinhua to the southwest , and Hangzhou to the west . As of 2010 , its population was 4,912,339 inhabitants . Among which , 1,914,683 ( Keqiao and Yuecheng districts ) lived in the built - up metropolitan area of Hangzhou - Shaoxing , with a total of 8,156,154 inhabitants . Notable residents of Shaoxing include Wang Xizhi , the parents of Zhou Enlai , Lu Xun , and Cai Yuanpei . It is also noted for Shaoxing wine , meigan cai , and stinky tofu , and was recently featured on A Bite of China . Its local variety of Chinese opera sung in the local dialect and known as Yue or Shaoxing opera is second in popularity only to Peking opera . In 2010 , Shaoxing celebrated the 2,500th anniversary of the founding of the city . Economically , the city 's driven by manufacturing of textiles , electronics , and energy - efficient lighting . Zhejiang has the fifth highest per capita GDP in the nation , with the city itself at 32nd nationally by GDP per capita .

Edvard Alexander Westermarck ( 20 November 1862 – 3 September 1939 ) was a Finnish philosopher and sociologist . Among other subjects , he studied exogamy and the incest taboo . The phenomenon of reverse sexual imprinting is when two people live in close domestic proximity during the first few years in the life of either one , and both become desensitised to sexual attraction , now known as the Westermarck effect , was first formally described by him in his book The History of Human Marriage ( 1891 ) . He has been described as " first Darwinian sociologist " or " the first sociobiologist " . He helped found academic sociology in the United Kingdom , becoming the first professor of sociology ( with Leonard Trelawny Hobhouse ) in 1907 in the University of London . Other chairs he held were in Helsinki and Turku . A radical free thinker for his time , he critiqued Christian institutions and Christian ideas on the grounds that they lacked foundation . In the UK , his name is often spelled Edward . His sister , Helena Westermarck , was a writer and artist .

Peeter Kreitzberg ( December 14 , 1948 – November 3 , 2011 ) was an Estonian politician , member of parliament and a member of the Social Democratic Party . Kreitzberg served as the Estonian Minister of Culture and Education from April to November 1995 . He also taught at Tallinn University from 1997 to 2011 . Kreitzberg next served as the deputy mayor of Tallinn , the Estonian capital , from 1996 to 1999 . He was elected to the Riigikogu , the nation 's unicameral parliament , in 1999 . He remained a member of parliament until his death in 2011 . Kreitzberg served as the deputy chairman of the Riigikogu for two different tenures , from 2001 to 2003 and again from 2003 to 2005 . He was also a candidate for President of Estonia in 2001 . Peeter Kreitzberg departed Estonia in October 2011 for an official visit to China , which was scheduled to last from October 28 to November 4 . He was accompanied by three other parliamentarians in the delegation — Kalev Kallo , Maret Maripuu and Sven Sester . Kreitzberg died in his Chinese hotel during the official visit on November 3 , 2011 , at the age of 62 .

Marriage in Scotland is recognised in the form of both civil and religious unions between individuals . Historically , the law of marriage has developed differently in Scotland to other jurisdictions in the United Kingdom as a consequence of the differences in Scots law and role of the separate established Church of Scotland . These differences led to a tradition of couples from England and Wales eloping to Scotland , most famously to marry at border towns such as Gretna Green . The legal minimum age to enter into a marriage in Scotland is sixteen years and does not require parental consent at any age . In Scots law , there is a distinction between so called religious marriages , conducted by an authorised celebrant , and civil marriages , conducted by a state registrar , but anyone over the age of 21 can apply to the Registrar General for authorisation to conduct a marriage under s12 of the Marriage ( Scotland ) Act 1977 , and no form of religious ceremony is necessary . Since a decision of the Registrar - General in 2005 , statutory references to religious marriages must be " read in " as referring to " religion or belief " , in order to ensure compatibility with the Human Rights Act 1998 and allow humanists to conduct legal humanist marriages , which like civil marriages are also non - religious . As of 2017 , the Humanist Society Scotland conducted more marriages each year than the largest religious body , the Church of Scotland . Civil partnerships became available to same - sex couples in the United Kingdom in 2005 and grant rights and responsibilities virtually identical to civil marriage . In September 2011 , the Scottish Government launched a public consultation on the introduction of same - sex marriage , with the Scottish Government indicating it " tend[ed ] towards the view that same - sex marriage should be introduced " . On 4 February 2014 , the Scottish Parliament passed a same - sex marriage bill by a vote of 105 to 18 .

Jeff Prosserman ( born November 2 , 1983 ) is a Canadian cross - platform producer and director with experience in film , interactive , and mobile content strategy , development , and production . Prior to founding LIVESTAGE ° , Prosserman was the Founder of Gusto Goods , a production company based in New York and Toronto . Prosserman was born in Toronto , Ontario , Canada . He produced , wrote , and directed Chasing Madoff , a 2010 feature documentary on an attempt to expose Bernie Madoff 's Ponzi scheme . Chasing Madoff premiered at the International Documentary Film Festival Amsterdam and was distributed across the United States by Cohen Media Group and in Canada by Entertainment One . Prosserman was also the Executive Producer of Monogamy , a feature film that premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival and was released by Oscilloscope Laboratories . Following the release of these films , Prosserman worked as a content producer to launch The Daily , the first digital publication created by News Corporation for the iPad . Over the course of his career , Prosserman has produced global interactive advertising campaigns with clients that include IBM , BBC Worldwide , Dell , Reuters , Johnson & Johnson , ThinkFilm , Cynthia Rowley , Centre for Addiction and Mental Health , and many more . As the Co - Founder and Chief Creative Officer for LIVESTAGE ° , Prosserman is responsible for product development , content , and design , while guiding the creative and brand direction for the company .

The Natal shyshark , eastern shyshark or happy chappie ( Haploblepharus kistnasamyi ) is a species of catshark , belonging to the family Scyliorhinidae . It was once regarded as the " Natal " form of the puffadder shyshark ( H. edwardsii ) . This shark is endemic to a small area off South Africa from the Western Cape to KwaZulu - Natal . It is found close to the coast , from the surf zone to a depth of , and has benthic habits . Reaching in length , the Natal shyshark is similar to the puffadder shyshark in appearance but has a stockier body , less flattened head , a compressed caudal peduncle , and a different color pattern . Rare and under threat from habitat degradation and commercial fishing , it has been assessed as Critically Endangered by the International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) .

Sergio Claudio Cirigliano is an Argentinian businessman who , with his brother Mario , operates major rail and bus concessions in Buenos Aires and elsewhere in Argentina through the Grupo Plaza conglomerate . One source has described the brothers as making up “ one of the most powerful business groups in the country . ” Cirigliano and his brother were widely held responsible for the deadly Once railway disaster in February 2012 , which occurred on one of the railway lines that they ran , because they had allegedly pocketed government subsidies intended to cover maintenance costs . Grupo Plaza was said to have been awarded concessions for rail and bus lines because of Cirigliano 's close friendships with Presidents Carlos Menem , Nestor Kirchner , and Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner . Also , Cirigliano was accused of having bribed Secretaries of Transportation Ricardo Jaime and Juan Pablo Schiavi , who directly oversaw the awarding of rail and bus concessions . Later in 2012 , both Cirigliano and his brother Mario went on trial on charges of corruption and fraudulent administration in connection with the Once crash . La Nación described him as the “ successful driver of the K line , ” the “ K ” being a sardonic reference to his close connections to the Kirchner family .

Robert Tait Ervin ( May 27 , 1863 – October 24 , 1949 ) was a United States federal judge . Born in Wilcox County , Alabama , Ervin received a B.L. from the University of Alabama , Tuscaloosa in 1887 . He was in private practice in Mobile , Alabama from 1887 to 1917 . During that time , he served as a Referee in Bankruptcy for the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Alabama . On January 16 , 1917 , Ervin was nominated by President Woodrow Wilson to a seat on the United States District Court for the Southern District of Alabama vacated by Harry T. Toulmin . Ervin was confirmed by the United States Senate on January 23 , 1917 , and received his commission the same day . He assumed senior status on January 23 , 1935 , serving in that capacity until his death , in 1949 .

" Consideration " is a song recorded by Barbadian singer Rihanna from her eighth studio album Anti ( 2016 ) . It was co - written by featured artist SZA , with Rihanna and its producer Tyran Donaldson . " Consideration " is a dub - inspired hip hop and R&B ; song , with " stuttering , distorted beat , " " pounding percussion " , " a crunchy groove , " and a " throbbing bass line " in its instrumentation . Lyrically , the song is a declaration of independence , where she is seeking peace of mind . Rihanna performed " Consideration " with SZA on a medley with " Work " on the 2016 Brit Awards , and also included it on her Anti World Tour . Upon the release of the album , " Consideration " charted in a few European countries , such as France and Sweden , and following the Brit Awards performance , the song managed to debut on the UK Singles Chart and the UK R&B ; Chart . On December 8 , 2017 , an EP including six dance remixes of the song was released on streaming music services .

Trump Unauthorized is a 2005 biographical television film about businessman and future president of the United States Donald Trump . The film was directed by John David Coles and written by Keith Curran , and stars Justin Louis as Trump . The film chronicles Trump 's life , including his career and his marriages to Ivana Trump and Marla Maples . Trump Unauthorized is based on multiple sources , including two biographies by Gwenda Blair titled The Trumps : Three Generations That Built an Empire and Donald Trump : Master Apprentice . The film received mostly negative reviews , although Louis ' performance was praised by some critics and by Donald Trump , who was not involved with the film but called it a " great compliment " despite some inaccuracies . Several reviewers criticized the accent used by Katheryn Winnick for her role as Ivana Trump .

St Marys is a town in southwestern Ontario , Canada . It is located at the junction of Thames River and Trout Creek southwest of Stratford , and is surrounded by the Township of Perth South in Perth County , Ontario . St. Marys operates under its own municipal government that is independent from the County 's government . Nonetheless , the three entities " enjoy a large degree of collaboration and work together to grow the region as a leading location for industry and people " . Census data published for Perth County by Statistics Canada includes St Marys and most Perth County publications also do , at least in some sections of the document . The town is also known by its nickname , " The Stone Town " , due to the abundance of limestone in the surrounding area , giving rise to a large number of limestone buildings and homes throughout the town . St Marys Cement , a large cement producer founded in the town , capitalized on this close feed stock , and grew to be a major producer of cement in the province of Ontario . St Marys is home to the Canadian Baseball Hall of Fame . It is the burial place of Arthur Meighen , Canada 's 9th Prime Minister . Timothy Eaton , who went on to become one of Canada 's most famous retailers , opened his first businesses in Canada in nearby Kirkton , Ontario and later St Marys .

Wade High School is a high school in Griffith , New South Wales , Australia . Wade High School was established in 1971 as Griffith ’s second high school . It is a co - educational state public school and has an enrolment of approximately 720 students and 63 staff . Half of its students come from the East Griffith / Driver / Collina area , with the main feeder school being Griffith East Public School . The remainder of the students come from farming areas and smaller places including Yenda , Yoogali , Rankins Springs , Beelbangera , Bilbul and Binya . Many of the students spend a great deal of time travelling to and from school each day , especially those in the Rankins Springs area . Years Seven and Eight are part of the Middle School years , Years Nine and Ten the School Certificate years and Years Eleven and Twelve the Senior School when Preliminary and Higher School Certificate Courses are completed . Students with satisfactory attendance and progress receive their School Certificate at the end of Year Ten and their HSC at the end of Year Twelve .

Height of Fashion ( 14 April 1979 – 29 July 2000 ) was French - bred , British - trained Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare . Owned and bred by Queen Elizabeth II , was undefeated in her three races as a two - year - old in 1981 , winning the Acomb Stakes , May Hill Stakes and Fillies ' Mile . In the following year she added a win in the Lupe Stakes before a record - breaking victory in the Princess of Wales 's Stakes . She ran poorly in her two remaining races and was retired to stud at the end of the season . Height of Fashion proved to be an exceptional broodmare , producing the major stakes winners Unfuwain , Nashwan and Nayef . She died in Kentucky in 2000 .

Carole Emily Barrowman ( born 20 April 1959 in Glasgow , Scotland ) is a Scottish - American Professor of English and Director of Creative Studies in Writing at Alverno College , Milwaukee , Wisconsin , and a reviewer and crime fiction columnist for the Milwaukee Sentinel , also known for her writing contributions with younger brother John Barrowman , an actor , singer , dancer and writer . Carole was credited as co - author on her brother John 's memoir and autobiography , Anything Goes , which was published in 2008 by Michael O'Mara Books . Part of the writing process involved her transcribing her brother 's dictations . In 2009 , John published I Am What I Am , also featuring Carole as co - author . In addition to John 's memoirs , John and Carole also co - wrote a Torchwood comic strip , featuring Jack Harkness , entitled Captain Jack and the Selkie . Carole and John 's debut novel , titled Hollow Earth , was published in February 2012 . In researching the novel , Carole traveled to the west coast of Scotland to visit some of the locations which she and John chose to feature in the book . In addition to her published collaborations , Carole Barrowman also contributed an essay about her brother John to the Hugo award winning non - fiction anthology Chicks Dig Time Lords .

The University of Illinois Springfield ( UIS ) is a public university in Springfield , Illinois , United States . The university was established in 1969 as Sangamon State University by the Illinois General Assembly and became a part of the University of Illinois system on July 1 , 1995 . As a public liberal arts college , and the newest campus in the University of Illinois system , UIS is a member of the Council of Public Liberal Arts Colleges . UIS is also part of the American Association of State Colleges and Universities and the American Council on Education . The campus ' main repository , Brookens Library , holds a collection of nearly 800,000 books and serials- in addition to accessible resources at the University of Illinois Chicago and University of Illinois Urbana - Champaign campuses . The University of Illinois Springfield serves roughly 5,700 students in 27 undergraduate degree programs , 20 master 's degree programs , and a doctorate in Public Administration . The university was once one of the two upper - division and graduate universities in Illinois , but now accepts freshmen , transfer and graduate students .

Matt Birkbeck is an American author and investigative journalist , whose articles have appeared in The New York Times , Playboy , The Philadelphia Inquirer , Reader 's Digest , Boston Magazine and " People . " A former newspaper reporter , Birkbeck worked at The Morning Call . , where he was cited for his lengthy investigative pieces on Pennsylvania 's flawed gaming initiative . In 2010 he joined business publisher Harrison Scott Publications , where he covers Wall Street and regulatory issues in Washington , D.C. Birkbeck has authored five books . His 2015 book tells the story of New York real estate heir Robert Durst , who is accused of several murders . Birkbeck covered the Durst story for People magazine and Reader 's Digest . The Lifetime Network is produced a TV movie The Lost Wife of Robert Durst based on Birkbeck 's book that first aired November 2017 . Birkbeck 's biography on Sammy Davis , Jr. , has been optioned for film and TV by producer Byron Allen .

Shepard J. Crumpacker Jr. ( February 13 , 1917 – October 14 , 1986 ) was a U.S. Representative from Indiana , cousin of Edgar Dean Crumpacker and Maurice Edgar Crumpacker . Crumpacker was born in South Bend , Indiana , where he attended the public schools . Crumpacker graduated from Northwestern University in 1938 , and from the University of Michigan Law School in 1941 . He was admitted to the bar the same year and commenced the practice of law in South Bend . Crumpacker entered the United States Army Air Corps as a private on September 26 , 1941 , during World War II , and advanced through the ranks to flight chief in a fighter squadron . Crumpacker was commissioned as a lieutenant in 1943 and assigned to heavy - bomber maintenance . Crumpacker was Relieved from active duty as a first lieutenant on March 1 , 1946 and thereafter was a major in the United States Air Force Reserve . Crumpacker owned and operated a farm and served as delegate to Indiana State Republican conventions from 1958 through 1970 . Crumpacker was elected as a Republican to the Eighty - second , Eighty - third , and Eighty - fourth Congresses ( January 3 , 1951 – January 3 , 1957 ) . He did not seek renomination in 1956 . Crumpacker practiced law until 1977 , when he was appointed judge of the St. Joseph Superior Court and served until 1985 . He was a resident of South Bend , Indiana , until his death there on October 14 , 1986 . He is interred in Riverview Cemetery .

" Unrequited " is the sixteenth episode of the fourth season of the American science fiction television series The X - Files . It was written by Howard Gordon and series creator Chris Carter , and directed by Michael Lange . It originally aired in the United States on February 23 , 1997 on the Fox network . The episode is a " Monster - of - the - Week " story , a stand - alone plot which is unconnected to the series ' wider mythology . This episode earned a Nielsen rating of 10.9 and was seen by 16.56 million viewers upon its initial broadcast . " Unrequited " received mixed to negative reviews from television critics . The show centers on FBI special agents Fox Mulder ( David Duchovny ) and Dana Scully ( Gillian Anderson ) who work on cases linked to the paranormal , called X - Files . In this episode , the murder of a U.S. Army Lieutenant General has Mulder and Scully struggling to stop a seemingly invisible assassin . The two agents soon learn that they are doomed to failure from the start , as the U.S. government is attempting to cover up the existence of American POWs still being kept in Vietnam . Gordon was inspired to write the episode after viewing an installment of the news series 60 Minutes that dealt with American secret agents the CIA left behind during the Vietnam War . The eventual concept that the assassin could create blind spots came after the writer spoke with his ophthalmologist brother . The entry featured a finished replica of the Vietnam Veterans Memorial , and various Canadian locales substituted for various locations in Washington , D.C.

Tamás László ( born October 29 , 1950 ) is a Hungarian architect and politician , who served as Mayor of the 15th district of Budapest between 2010 and 2014 . László was a member of the National Assembly of Hungary for the 15th district since 2010 . He was also a Member of Parliament from Fidesz National List from 2006 to 2010 . He was a member of the Economic and Information Technology Committee from May 14 , 2010 to March 26 , 2012 . He also worked in the Committee on Consumer Protection . László was defeated by László Hajdu during the 2018 parliamentary election , thus lost his parliamentary seat . Thereafter , Tamás László unsuccessfully ran for the mayoral seat of the 15th district in the by - election held on 30 September 2018 , but was defeated by Angéla Németh .

A cryptic crossword is a crossword puzzle in which each clue is a word puzzle in and of itself . Cryptic crosswords are particularly popular in the United Kingdom , where they originated , Ireland , Israel , the Netherlands , and in several Commonwealth nations , including Australia , Canada , India , Kenya , Malta , New Zealand , and South Africa . In the United States , cryptics are sometimes known as " British - style " crosswords . Compilers of cryptic crosswords are commonly called " setters " in the UK . Cryptic crossword puzzles come in two main types : the basic cryptic in which each clue answer is entered into the diagram normally , and " themed " or " variety " cryptics , in which some or all of the answers must be altered before entering , usually in accordance with a hidden pattern or rule which must be discovered by the solver .

, translated as Masked Rider Black , is a tokusatsu superhero - drama television series . It is the eighth installment in the famous Kamen Rider Series of tokusatsu shows . It is a joint collaboration between Ishimori Productions and Toei , and aired on the Mainichi Broadcasting System and the Tokyo Broadcasting System from October 4 , 1987 to October 9 , 1988 . With its very dramatic storyline and its twist of the Kamen Rider having a tragic relationship with his nemesis , the installment not only became very popular in Japan , but also in many countries where it was aired . The series is often regarded as a TV classic and is considered by many as the most popular Kamen Rider show of the late 1980s , as well as one of the most famous of all Kamen Riders in the Showa Period . The series also received a Manga adaptation . Kamen Rider Black RX was a direct sequel to this series .

Adamantios Androutsopoulos (; 20 August 1919 – 10 November 2000 ) was a lawyer and professor . He held various ministerial posts under the Greek military junta of 1967 – 1974 and was finally appointed 168th Prime Minister of Greece from 1973 to 1974 by junta strongman Dimitrios Ioannides . He was born in Psari , Messenia , Greece in 1919 . He studied at the University of Athens and at the University of Chicago . He never graduated from Chicago . He was Finance Minister ( 21 April 1967 – 26 August 1971 ) and Minister for the Interior ( 26 August 1971 – 10 May 1973 ) during the Papadopoulos military régime . When Papadopoulos was overthrown in 1973 by Ioannides , Androutsopoulos was appointed Head of Government ( 25 November 1973 – 23 July 1974 ) , and also Finance Minister ( 25 November 1973 – 26 July 1974 ) , until the return of democratic government in 1974 during the Metapolitefsi .

Cheb Sahraoui ( b Mohammed Sahraoui , Tlemcen , Algeria , 1 April 1961 ) is an Algerian raï musician , the first to tour North America and the first to incorporate electronic synthesizers into his arrangements . As a pianist , he studied music at the conservatory of music in Oran , and launched his musical career by singing raï classics and Beatles tunes in the city 's nightclubs . His first hit , " Ana Mahlali Noum " , was released in 1978 . In 1983 he married singer Fadela Zalmat , known as Chaba Fadela , and the pair began recording as a duo . Their first record together , " N'sel Fik " , became an international hit , and was followed by further record successes and tours , including tours of the USA in 1990 and 1993 . While in New York they recorded the album " Walli " with producer and multi - instrumentalist Bill Laswell . They relocated from Algeria to France in 1994 . In the late 1990s , Sahraoui and Fadela separated . Sahraoui 's debut solo album , Un Homme Libre ( A Free Man ) , was released in 2000 .

Ekusher Gaan ( " The Song of Twentyfirst " ) , more popularly known ( after its first line ) as Amar Bhaier Rokte Rangano ( " My Brothers ' Blood Spattered " ) is a Bengali song written by Abdul Gaffar Choudhury to mark the Bengali Language Movement in 1952 East Pakistan . It was first published anonymously in the last page of a newspaper with the headline Ekusher Gaan , but was later published in Ekusheys February edition . The song was initially written as a poem at the bedside of an injured language movement activist who was shot by the Pakistani military police . The cultural secretary of the Jubo League gave the poem to Abdul Latif to put to a tune , which Latif Atikul Islam first sang . The students of Dhaka College also sung the song when they attempted to build a Shaheed Minar on their college premises , getting them expelled from the college . Altaf Mahmud , a renowned composer and a martyr of the Bangladesh Liberation War , recomposed the song using Abdul Latif 's version , which is now a quasi - official tune . The song is often recognized as the most influential song of the language movement , reminding numerous Bangladeshis about the conflicts of 1952 . Every 21 February sees people from all parts of the Bangladesh heading to the Shaheed Minar in the probhat feri , a barefoot march to the monument , paying homage to those killed in the language movement demonstrations by singing this song . It is regarded by the listeners of BBC Bengali Service as the third best song in Bengali . The English translation below was rendered by Kabir Chowdhury .

The Wattles Estate , originally known as Jualita , is a historic house and park in the Hollywood area of Los Angeles , California , United States . It was built in 1907 by wealthy Omaha , Nebraska , banker Gurdon Wattles as a winter home . Next to the Wattles Mansion are Wattles Park and Wattles Gardens , now administered by the City of Los Angeles and open to the public . The estate has been recognized as " the only remaining intact example of the once plentiful Hollywood estates from the period preceding the film industry , when Hollywood was primarily agricultural and was a wintering home for wealthy Easterners and Midwesterners . " According to the City of Los Angeles , " ' Jualita ' is one of the few remaining landscapes reminiscent of another era and tradition , possessing a genuine integrity of setting , design , workmanship , and association . "

C. J. Prentiss is an American politician of the Democratic party who served in the Ohio State Senate from 1999 until 2007 . During the 126th Ohio General Assembly , she served as Minority Leader . She earned a bachelor of arts degree and a master 's degree in education from Cleveland State University . She holds a post - graduate certificate in Administration from Kent State University . She attended the advanced management program at Case Western Reserve University 's Weatherhead School of Management . From 1985 to 1990 , Prentiss served on the Ohio State Board of Education . Prentiss served four terms in the Ohio House of Representatives before she was elected to the Senate in 2000 . In the 125th General Assembly , Prentiss served as the minority whip . Prentiss was the president of the Ohio Legislative Black Caucus . She follows Rhine McLin as the second African - American woman to serve as the Democratic leader in the Ohio Senate . Prentiss was also on the founding board of directors for the nonpartisan economic policy group Policy Matters Ohio . She appeared on the pilot episode of 30 Days discussing living on minimum wage . She was a candidate in the special election to replace Stephanie Tubbs - Jones in the 110th Congress but withdrew before the Primary .

" Bouge de là " ( French , meaning : " move from there " or " get out of here " , also translated as " take a hike " ) is a song by MC Solaar . This was his first single from his album Qui sème le vent récolte le tempo , and reached # 22 on French SNEP Singles Chart in September 1991 . It was also the second hip hop hit in France , after Benny B 's " Vous êtes fous ! " in 1990 , although it was considered by the French newspaper Le Figaro as the first one . The instrumental was used by US rapper Masta Ace in " Me & The Biz " . The song was covered by Les Enfoirés on their album 2011 : Dans l'œil des Enfoirés , and included in the medley " Une nuit au musée " . The song was performed by Grégoire , Alizée , Jean - Louis Aubert , Zazie , Renan Luce , Hélène Ségara , Claire Keim , Tina Arena , Christophe Maé and Gérard Jugnot .

Franz Breit ( 1 July 1817 , in Mieders – 17 August 1868 , in Tübingen ) was an Austrian obstetrician . He studied medicine in Vienna , Prague and Padua , and was later an obstetrician and assistant to professor Johann Klein of the maternity clinic at the Vienna General Hospital in Austria . He was appointed to professor and chair of obstetrics at the University of Tübingen on 20 March 1847 allowing Ignaz Semmelweis to become assistant to the professor . Franz Breit succeeded Eduard Lumpe as assistant to professor Klein . Among his written works were three obstetrical treatises published in Roser and Wunderlich 's Archiv für physiologische Heilkunde . In 1854 he published Über die Krankheiten der Symphysis ossium pubis wahrend Schwangerschaft , Geburt und Wochenbett ( On the diseases of the symphysis pubis ossium during pregnancy , childbirth and the puerperium ) .

Branko " Isusek " Pleše (; 12 January 1915 in Delnice – 28 March 1980 in Zagreb ) was a Croatian footballer who played international football for the Croatian and both the royal and communist Yugoslavian national teams . He began his career with HŠK Concordia before moving to Građanski Zagreb in 1935 . Pleše played with Građanski as a striker until its disbanding in 1945 . In 1937 and 1940 he was Yugoslavian champion , while in 1941 and 1943 he was champion of Croatia . In 1945 he joined the newly formed Dinamo Zagreb with whom he played until 1950 . He was Yugoslavian champion again in 1948 . During his international career with the Kingdom of Yugoslavia he was capped 5 times . During the existence of the Independent State of Croatia he was capped for the Croatian national team 13 times , scoring three goals . Finally , he played for Communist Yugoslavia once , in its first game . He later moved to management , during which time he managed FK Sloboda Tuzla among others .

The Catholic Church in the Gambia and Sierra Leone , two Anglophone ( ex - British ) West African countries , is composed solely of a Latin hierarchy , comprising : one ecclesiastical province , covering all and only Sierra Leone , comprising the Metropolitan of capital Freetown and three suffragan dioceses . an exempt diocese ( directly dependent on the Holy See ) for all the Gambia , with see in its capital Banjul . There are no Eastern Catholic or pre - diocesan jurisdictions or overlapping ordinariates . Neither country has a national Episcopal Conference , but they form a joint one for the Gambia and Sierra Leone , which hosts it in Freetown . There are no titular sees . All defunct jurisdictions are precursors of present sees . There formally is an Apostolic Nunciature ( embassy - level papal diplomatic representation ) to Sierra Leone and an Apostolic Nunciature to The Gambia , but both are vested in the Apostolic Nunciature to Liberia ( in its capital Monrovia ) .

Endurance : Shackleton 's Incredible Voyage is a bestselling book written by Alfred Lansing . It was first published in 1959 . The book recounts the failure of the Imperial Trans - Antarctic Expedition led by Sir Ernest Shackleton in its attempt to cross the Antarctic continent in 1914 and the subsequent struggle for survival endured by the twenty - eight man crew for almost two years . The book 's title refers to the ship Shackleton used for the expedition , the Endurance . The ship was beset and eventually crushed by ice floes in the Weddell Sea leaving the men stranded on the pack ice . All in all the crew drifted on the ice for just over a year . They were able to launch their boats and somehow managed to land them safely on Elephant Island . Shackleton then led a crew of five aboard the James Caird through the Drake Passage and miraculously reached South Georgia Island 650 nautical miles away . He then took two of those men on the first successful overland crossing of the island . Three months later he was finally able to rescue the remaining crew members they had left behind on Elephant Island . Virtually every diary kept during the expedition was made available to the author and almost all the surviving members at the time of writing submitted to lengthy interviews . The most significant contribution came from Dr. Alexander Macklin , one of the ship 's surgeons , who provided Lansing with many diaries , a detailed account of the perilous journey the crew made to Elephant Island , and months of advice .

Demi - Gods and Semi - Devils is a wuxia novel by Jin Yong ( Louis Cha ) . It was first serialised concurrently from 3 September 1963 to 27 May 1966 in the newspapers Ming Pao in Hong Kong and Nanyang Siang Pau in Singapore . It has since spawned adaptations in film and television in Hong Kong , mainland China and Taiwan . The novel 's title has been a challenge for translators for years . An alternative English title is Eight Books of the Heavenly Dragon . The major characters are based on eight races of demi - gods and semi - devils described in Buddhist cosmology . In Buddhism , these demi - gods and semi - devils are markedly different from the human race but are still bound to Saṃsāra by their own desires . Jin originally modelled each major character after one of the races but , as he continued writing , the complexity of the story made it impossible for such a simplistic mapping .

The Astures or Asturs , also named Astyrs , were the Hispano - Celtic inhabitants of the northwest area of Hispania that now comprises almost the entire modern autonomous community of Principality of Asturias , the modern province of León , and the northern part of the modern province of Zamora ( all in Spain ) , and east of Trás os Montes in Portugal . They were a horse - riding highland cattle - raising people who lived in circular huts of stone drywall construction . The Albiones were a major tribe from western Asturias . Isidore of Seville gave an etymology as coming from a river Asturia , identified by David Magie with Órbigo river in the plain of León , by others the modern Esla river .

The Tunbao ( or Tunpu ) ( Simplified Chinese : 屯堡 ) are an officially unrecognized ethnic group of Guizhou and Yunnan provinces , China . The Tunbao are descended from ethnic Han people who were part of an army sent on an expedition to Guizhou during the Hongwu reign of the Ming Dynasty . Long thought to have been a non - Han ethnic minority , their Han origins were proved by Japanese anthropologist Torii Ryuzo in 1896 . The Tunbao have preserved much of their culture , costumes , and language from the Ming era . The Tianlong Tunbao town , located near Anshun is a historic site where Tunbao homes and customs have been preserved , including the traditional Dixi opera or " ground opera " performances .

McFarland , USA ( also known as McFarland ) is a 2015 American sports drama film directed by Niki Caro , produced by Mark Ciardi and Gordon Gray , written by Christopher Cleveland , Bettina Gilois and Grant Thompson with music composed by Antônio Pinto . The film was co - produced by Walt Disney Pictures and Mayhem Pictures . Based on the true story of a 1987 cross country team from a mainly Latino high school in McFarland , California , the film stars Kevin Costner as Jim White , the school 's coach , who leads the team to win a state championship . The film also stars Maria Bello and Morgan Saylor . McFarland , USA was released on February 20 , 2015 , received positive reviews from critics , and grossed over $ 45 million . The film was released on DVD and Blu - ray on June 2 , 2015 by Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment .

The Hope Island Resort Tennis Centre is a tennis venue located at the corner of Hope Island Road and Activa Way , Hope Island , Gold Coast , Queensland , Australia . It has hosted a number of international tennis tournaments . When Brisbane 's major tennis centre , Milton Courts , closed in 1990s due to financial losses , the Hope Island Resort Tennis Centre became increasingly used for major tennis events in Queensland . When the Queensland Government opened their new Queensland Tennis Centre at Tennyson in Brisbane in 2008 , major events relocated to the new facility , while other events relocated to the Royal Pines tennis centre . Pat Cash sold his interest in the centre in 2008 to Tennis Asia , a company based in Hong Kong , from 2008 the centre has been leased to a number of local lease holders . The association with Pat Cash was lost in 2010 when the lease holder Chris Steele decided not to renew the relationship . In 2012 , Tennis Blue took over the lease followed by Australia Tennis Academy in 2014 . In 2016 , Activa Tennis Academy Australia took over the lease and are the current lease holder with Jeff Schneider as company director and head coach .

The Rescorla – Wagner model ( " R - W " ) is a model of classical conditioning , in which learning is conceptualized in terms of associations between conditioned ( CS ) and unconditioned ( US ) stimuli . A strong CS - US association means , essentially , that the CS signals or predicts the US . One might say that before conditioning , the subject is surprised by the US , but after conditioning , the subject is no longer surprised , because the CS predicts the coming of the US . The model casts the conditioning processes into discrete trials , during which stimuli may be either present or absent . The strength of prediction of the US on a trial can be represented as the summed associative strengths of all CSs present during the trial . This feature of the model represented a major advance over previous models , and it allowed a straightforward explanation of important experimental phenomena , most notably the blocking effect . Failures of the model have led to modifications , alternative models , and many additional findings . The model has had some impact on neural science in recent years , as studies have suggested that the phasic activity of dopamine neurons in mesostriatal DA projections in the midbrain encodes for the type of prediction error detailed in the model . The Rescorla – Wagner model was created by Robert A. Rescorla of the University of Pennsylvania and Allan R. Wagner of Yale University in 1972 .

The Bahamas Bowl is a NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision college football bowl game played annually in Nassau , Bahamas , at the 15,000-seat Thomas Robinson Stadium . The first game , played in 2014 , was the first major ( FBS or historical equivalent ) bowl game to be played outside the United States and Canada between two U.S. teams since the January 1 , 1937 , Bacardi Bowl in Havana , Cuba . That first inaugural game featured teams from the Mid - American Conference and Conference USA . That conference matchup has continued annually , through the December 2017 playing of the game . From its inception to 2017 , the game was sponsored by the Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen restaurant franchise and officially known as the Popeyes Bahamas Bowl . After Restaurant Brands International acquired Popeyes in 2017 , they declined to renew sponsorship . Elk Grove Village , Illinois—"home to the largest industrial park in the United States "— picked up the sponsorship in 2018 , renaming the bowl as the Makers Wanted Bahamas Bowl .

A chādor ( ) , also variously spelled in English as chadah , chad(d)ar , chader , chud(d)ah , chadur and naturalized as is an outer garment or open cloak worn by some women in Iran , Iraq and some other countries under the Persianate cultural sphere as well as predominantly Shia areas i.e. Afghanistan , Azerbaijan , Bahrain , Pakistan , India , Kuwait , Lebanon , Syria , Tajikistan and Turkey , in public spaces or outdoors . A chador is a full - body - length semicircle of fabric that is open down the front . This cloth is tossed over the woman 's or girl 's head , but then she holds it closed in the front . The chador has no hand openings , or any buttons , clasps , etc . , but rather it is held closed by her hands or tucked under the wearer 's arms . Before the 1978–79 Iranian Revolution , black chadors were reserved for funerals and periods of mourning . Light , printed fabrics were the norm for everyday wear . Currently , the majority of Iranian women who wear the chador use the black version outside and reserve light - coloured chadors for indoor use .

Korie Howard Robertson ( born October 24 , 1973 ) is a reality television star on the A&E ; show Duck Dynasty . Robertson is the daughter of John and Chrys Howard , and the daughter - in - law of Phil Robertson , founder of the Duck Commander . Her husband is Willie Robertson . Together , they have six children : John Luke , Sadie , Will , Bella , Rowdy , and Rebecca . Robertson attended Harding University in Searcy , Arkansas . In 2014 , Harding University declared Willie and Korie Howard Robertson jointly as Outstanding Young Alumni . She sang on her family 's album , . She publicly stood up for her father - in - law after his controversial interview in GQ magazine . She is a granddaughter of businessman Alton Hardy Howard and a great - niece of Alton Hardy 's brother , W. L. " Jack " Howard , former mayor of Monroe . Alton and Jack Howard were proprietor of the former Howard Brothers Discount Stores . Another great - uncle was the Church of Christ minister V. E. Howard .

Ljubljana Town Hall ( , also known as or simply or ) is the town hall in Ljubljana , the capital of Slovenia , is the seat of the City Municipality of Ljubljana . It is located at Town Square in the city centre close to Ljubljana Cathedral . The original building was built in a Gothic style in 1484 , probably according to plans by the Carniolan builder Peter Bezlaj . Between 1717 and 1719 , the building underwent a Baroque renovation with a Venetian inspiration by the builder Gregor Maček , Sr . , who built based on plans by the Italian architect Carlo Martinuzzi and on his own plans ( the gable front , the loggia , and the three - part staircase ) . In the mid-1920s , a monument to the Serbian and first Yugoslav king Peter I was erected in the entrance of Town Hall . The monument , designed by the architect Jože Plečnik , was removed and destroyed by the Fascist Italian occupation authorities of the Province of Ljubljana in April 1941 . Outside the town hall stands a replica of the Baroque Robba Fountain , work of Francesco Robba . The original work , finished in 1751 , is kept in the National Gallery .

" Push the Button " is a song by English girl group the Sugababes , released as the lead single from their fourth studio album Taller in More Ways ( 2005 ) . Composed by Dallas Austin and the Sugababes , it was inspired by an infatuation that group member Keisha Buchanan developed with another artist . Musically , " Push the Button " is an electropop and R&B ; song with various computer effects . The song received positive reviews from critics , who praised its conception and production . Some critics named it one of the best pop singles of the 2000s . " Push the Button " became one of the group 's most commercially successful releases . The single peaked at number one in Austria , Ireland , New Zealand , and the United Kingdom , and reached the top five across Europe and in Australia . It was nominated for Best British Single at the 2006 Brit Awards . Matthew Rolston directed the song 's music video , which was filmed in Shepherd 's Bush , London . It features the Sugababes flirting with three men in a lift . The Sugababes performed the single at festivals and events such as Oxegen 2008 and the V Festival 2008 . " Push the Button " appears on the soundtrack to It 's a Boy Girl Thing ( 2006 ) .

The Kaldanes are a fictitious sapient species existing in the region of Bantoom on the planet Barsoom in the John Carter series of books by Edgar Rice Burroughs . Introduced in the book Chessmen of Mars , the Kaldanes are almost all head , but for six arachnoid legs and a pair of chelae . Their racial goal is to achieve pure intellect against bodily existence : In order to function in the physical realm , the Kaldanes have bred the Rykors : a nonsentient complementary species composed of a body similar to that of a Red Martian but lacking a head ; when the Kaldane places itself upon the shoulders of the Rykor , a bundle of tentacles connects with the Rykor 's spinal cord , allowing the brain of the Kaldane to control its motor nerves and sensory nerves . Should the Rykor become damaged or die , the Kaldane climbs upon another . Although the Rykors breed like other animals , the Kaldanes do not breed except for their " king " : The Kaldanes are also imbued with conscious race memory , obtained through selective breeding . They are carnivorous , and sometimes feed upon the Rykors . In the Wold Newton Universe , the kaldanes are mentioned as mutated Sarmaks and possibly descended from Cthulhuoids . In Larry Niven 's Rainbow Mars , Kaldanes also appear , although they are called the Tunnel Crabs .

Hercules & Love Affair is a dance music project created by American DJ Andy Butler in 2004 . Consisting of a rotating cast of performers and musicians , the band work within the genres of house music , disco , techno and nu - disco . Originally based in New York City , now based in Ghent , Belgium , Hercules and Love Affair were founded following Butler 's collaboration with Anohni to produce the song " Blind " , which was a hit single . Initially signing to DFA Records , for their eponymous 2008 debut album , the band went on to record two more albums for Moshi Moshi , Blue Songs ( 2011 ) and The Feast of the Broken Heart ( 2014 ) . Their fourth album Omnion was released in September 2017 by Atlantic Records .

Anarchy Reigns , known in Japan as , is an open world beat 'em up video game developed by PlatinumGames , published by Sega , produced by Atsushi Inaba , and directed by Masaki Yamanaka . It is a spiritual sequel to the Wii video game MadWorld , and was released on July 5 , 2012 in Japan , but the planned simultaneous release in North America , Europe , and Australia is said " to be confirmed " by Sega on May 25 . On June 18 , Sega confirmed via Twitter that the game would be released in North America and Europe in March 2013 , but on October 19 , 2012 , Sega announced that it would be released in North America on January 8 , in Australia on January 10 , and in Europe on January 11 , 2013 .

Liverpool Football Club is an English association football club based in Liverpool , Merseyside , which competes in the top tier of English football , for the 2018 – 19 season . The club was formed in 1892 following a disagreement between the board of Everton and club president John Houlding , who owned the club 's ground , Anfield . The dispute over rent resulted in Everton leaving Anfield for Goodison Park , which left Houlding with an empty stadium . Not content for his ground to lay idle , he created his own club : Liverpool . Liverpool joined the Lancashire League on their foundation before the 1892 – 93 season . They ended their inaugural season as league champions , and were elected to The Football League soon afterwards . The club remained in The Football League until 1992 , when its First Division was superseded as English football 's top level by the newly formed Premier League . Liverpool 's first team have competed in a number of nationally and regionally contested leagues , and its record against each club faced in these competitions is listed below . The team that Liverpool have met most in league competition is Everton , against whom they have contested 198 league matches ; having drawn 65 of these , Everton are the side Liverpool have tied with most in league competition . The team most often beaten by Liverpool in league competition are Aston Villa ; the Anfield club have beaten them 87 times out of 182 meetings . Manchester United have recorded the most league victories over Liverpool , with 68 wins .

Rudolf Hieronymus Eusebius von Colloredo - Waldsee , born 2 November 1585 in České Budějovice , Kingdom of Bohemia ( now in the Czech Republic ) , was a Bohemian nobleman and the brother of Hieronymus von Colloredo - Waldsee . A member of the Colloredo family , he distinguished himself in the Thirty Years ' War , especially at the Battles of Mantua and Lützen . Emperor Ferdinand III appointed him to the Imperial Privy Council and named him a Field Marshal . Although unable to prevent Prague Castle from falling to Sweden 's Hans Christoff von Königsmarck , Colloredo - Waldsee 's bold defense of Prague 's old town halted the Swedish invasion of Bohemia on 26 July 1648 and saved the Habsburg 's ancestral lands in Austria . After the war , he built the Schönborn Palace in Prague home to the United States Embassy to the Czech Republic . He died in Prague on 24 February 1657 .

Kid Galahad is a 1962 American musical film starring Elvis Presley as a boxer . It was released by United Artists . The film opened at # 9 at the box office when released in the United States in August 1962 . Variety ranked it # 37 on the list of the top - grossing films of 1962 . Kid Galahad was shot on location in Idyllwild , California . Its supporting cast included Gig Young , Lola Albright and Charles Bronson . Some critics rate it as one of Elvis Presley 's best performances . The film is a remake of the 1937 original version starring Edward G. Robinson , Bette Davis , and Humphrey Bogart and directed by Michael Curtiz , who also directed the Presley 1958 film King Creole .

The National Call Party ( , hizb al - nida ' al - qawmi ) was a political party in Lebanon . The party was founded by Takieddin el - Solh and Ali Bazzi . Not really a formally structured party , it functioned as a political platform for the el - Solh family and drew support mainly from poor Sunnis in Beirut and Sidon . The party made some inroads in Tripoli ahead of the 1947 elections , in the wake of a corruption scandal damaging the position of local strongman Rachid Karami . Qabuli Zuq , elected to parliament in 1951 , was the chairman of the Tripoli branch of the party . In August 1952 the party formed an alliance called the Popular Front together with the Kataeb Party and the Muslim National Congress .

Rosarito is a coastal resort city in the Mexican state of Baja California located approximately 10 miles south of the U.S. border in Rosarito Beach Municipality . Often mistakenly called " Rosarito Beach " because of the well - known Rosarito Beach Hotel , the town of Rosarito is one part of the municipality named Playas de Rosarito ( " Beaches of Rosarito " ) . Its beaches and dance clubs are a popular destination for young people from the United States during the Memorial Day and Labor Day weekends . Rosarito Beach is the seat of the municipality of Rosarito Beach . The city is the second largest in the Tijuana metropolitan area and southern beach city of the San Diego – Tijuana international metropolitan region . It is the westernmost municipal seat in Mexico , slightly farther west than neighboring Tijuana , which lies inland to its north - northeast . As of 2010 , the city had a population of 65,278 .

Fall River ( 2011 population : 11,526 ) is a suburban community in Halifax , Nova Scotia , Canada . It is located north - northeast of the Bedford Basin , northeast of Bedford and Lower Sackville and north of Waverley . Fall River 's name is derived from a stream running between Miller Lake and Lake Thomas which had a waterfall . These falls supplied water power for several mills during the 19th century as well as a local electrical utility during the early 20th century . The waterfall was demolished in the late 1950s as a result of the construction of the Bicentennial Highway leading to Halifax ; the waterfall was located where the 4-lane expressway currently runs up the hill from the crossing of Lake Thomas to the interchange with Highway 118 at Miller Lake . Hydro - electric power is now generated by an underground tunnel that carries the water from Miller Lake which once flowed through this stream and down the waterfall . Turbines produce electricity for the main grid , during peak periods .

CBS Sports Network is an American digital cable and satellite television network that is owned by the CBS Corporation . When it launched in 2002 as the National College Sports Network ( later College Sports Television also known as CSTV ) , it operated as a multi - platform media brand which also included its primary website , collegesports.com , and a network of websites operated for the athletic departments of 215 colleges and universities . After CSTV was acquired by CBS in 2008 , the network was re - branded as the CBS College Sports Network . The network initially maintained its college sports focus , but in February 2011 , the service was re - branded as CBS Sports Network to re - position it as a mainstream sports service . The network continues to have a particular focus on college sports , along with coverage of smaller leagues and events , simulcasts of sports radio shows from CBS - owned stations and studio and analysis programming .

The Airmail Flyers ' Medal of Honor is a United States decoration issued by the Post Office Department . The decoration was authorized by Act of the United States Congress , February 14 , 1931 , for presentation by the President of the United States , but not in the name of the Congress . The medal was intended to recognize any person who , while serving as a pilot in the airmail service , distinguished themselves by acts of heroism or extraordinary achievement . Retroactive to May 15 , 1918 when the firsts continuously schedule public service airmail route was established between Washington , D.C. and New York City by way of Philadelphia . Recommendations for the individual awards would come from the Postmaster General and be sent to the President for his approval and presentation . The medal was designed by Walker Kirtland Hancock , head of the sculptor department of the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts , under the United States Commission of Fine Arts , of which Adolph Alexander Weinman was a member at the time . The medal was struck by the Philadelphia Mint .

Baroque pop ( sometimes called baroque rock ) is a fusion genre that combines rock music with particular elements of classical music . It emerged in the mid 1960s as artists pursued a majestic , orchestral sound and is identifiable for its appropriation of Baroque compositional styles ( contrapuntal melodies and functional harmony patterns ) and dramatic or melancholic gestures . Harpsichords figure prominently , while oboes , French horns , and string quartets are also common . Although harpsichords had been deployed for a number of pop hits since the 1940s , starting in the 1960s , some record producers increasingly placed the instrument in the foreground of their arrangements . Inspired partly by the Beatles ' song " In My Life " ( 1965 ) , various groups were appropriating baroque and classical instrumentation by early 1966 . The term " baroque rock " was coined in promotional material for the Left Banke , who used harpsichords and violins in their arrangements and whose 1966 song " Walk Away Renée " exemplified the style . Baroque pop 's mainstream popularity faded by the 1970s , partially because punk rock , disco and hard rock took over ; nonetheless , music was still produced within the genre 's tradition . Philadelphia soul in the 1970s and chamber pop in the 1990s both incorporated the spirit of baroque pop while the latter contested much of the time 's low fidelity musical aesthetic .

The Arms - to - Iraq affair concerned the uncovering of the government - endorsed sale of arms by British companies to Iraq , then under the rule of Saddam Hussein . The scandal contributed to the growing dissatisfaction with the Conservative government of John Major and may have contributed to the electoral landslide for Tony Blair 's Labour Party at the 1997 general election . The whole affair also highlighted the weakness of the constitutional convention of individual ministerial accountability , leading to its codification as the Ministerial Code by the Blair Government . Following the first Gulf War of 1991 there was interest in the extent to which British companies had been supplying Saddam Hussein 's administration with the materials to prosecute the war . Four directors of the British machine tools manufacturer , Matrix Churchill , were put on trial for supplying equipment and knowledge to Iraq , but in 1992 the trial collapsed , when it was revealed that the company had been advised by the government on how to sell arms to Iraq . Several of the directors were eventually paid compensation .

Louis Pierre Althusser ( , ; ; 16 October 1918 – 22 October 1990 ) was a French Marxist philosopher . He was born in Algeria and studied at the École Normale Supérieure in Paris , where he eventually became Professor of Philosophy . Althusser was a longtime member — although sometimes a strong critic — of the French Communist Party . His arguments and theses were set against the threats that he saw attacking the theoretical foundations of Marxism . These included both the influence of empiricism on Marxist theory , and humanist and reformist socialist orientations which manifested as divisions in the European communist parties , as well as the problem of the " cult of personality " and of ideology . Althusser is commonly referred to as a Structural Marxist , although his relationship to other schools of French structuralism is not a simple affiliation and he was critical of many aspects of structuralism . Althusser 's life was marked by periods of intense mental illness . In 1980 , he killed his wife , the sociologist Hélène Rytmann , by strangling her . He was declared unfit to stand trial due to insanity and was committed to a psychiatric hospital for three years . He did little further academic work , dying in 1990 .

Elena Albertina Iparraguirre Revoredo ( born 14 Sept. 1947 Ica , Peru ) , also known as Comrade Míriam , is a high - ranking member of the Peruvian Maoist revolutionary party Sendero Luminoso ( Shining Path ) . Iparraguirre , another major female figure in the Shining Path , became the second - in - command , as well as Abimael Guzmán ’s lover and wife after first wife Augusta La Torre ’s death in 1988 . Iparraguirre was captured in Lima in 1992 along with her partner , Shining Path founder Abimael Guzmán . In 1992 , she received a sentence of life imprisonment by a secret military tribunal . She was awarded a new trial in a civilian court in 2004 , but the proceeding ended as a mistrial . After a third trial in 2006 , both Iparraguirre and Guzmán again received life sentences . In 2010 Iparraguirre and Guzmán were married .

The Zhangping – Quanzhou – Xiaocuo railway ( ) , also known as the Zhangquanxiao railway , is a regional railway in Fujian Province , China . The line runs eastward from Zhangping , in the interior , to Quanzhou , on the coast , and terminates at the Xiaocuo Harbor in the Port of Quanzhou . Construction began in 1958 and the Zhangping - Quanzhou section entered operation in 2001 . The extension to Xiaochuo Harbor was built in 2007 . The Zhangping – Quanzhou section of the rail line used to have fairly active passenger service , with a number of fairly slow trains connecting Quanzhou East railway station with major cities throughout China . Passenger service on this line was terminated , and Quanzhou East railway station closed on December 9 , 2014 , presumably as a consequence of the introduction of much faster high - speed service on the Fuzhou – Xiamen railway and connecting lines .

This is a list of diplomatic missions of India . India has a large diplomatic network , reflecting its links in the world and particularly in neighbouring regions : Central Asia , the Middle East , East Africa , Southeast Asia , and the rest of the Indian subcontinent . There are also far - flung missions in the Caribbean and the Pacific , locations of historical Indian diaspora communities . As a member of the Commonwealth of Nations , Indian diplomatic missions in the capitals of other Commonwealth members are known as High Commissions . In other cities of Commonwealth countries , India calls some of its consular missions " Assistant High Commissions " , although those in the cities of Birmingham and Edinburgh in the United Kingdom and the city of Hambantota in Sri Lanka are known as " Consulates - General " .

The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City that existed from 1952 to 1995 , which was then merged into the NYPD . The roots of this organization go back to 1934 and the creation of the New York City Housing Authority ( NYCHA ) . New York City Mayor Fiorello H. La Guardia authorized the hiring of security guards to patrol the city 's public housing buildings . These guards eventually were trained and became the first officers of the Housing Police , which was officially created in 1952 . The Housing Police , along with the New York City Transit Police , was merged into the New York City Police Department in 1995 by New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani and continues today as the Housing Bureau .

The Central Idaho Dark Sky Reserve is a dark - sky preserve near the Sawtooth National Recreation Area , in the U.S. state of Idaho . It was designated on December 18 , 2017 and is the first gold - tier dark sky preserve in the United States . The area was designated by International Dark - Sky Association . The area includes the city of Ketchum , Idaho which was separately designated a " Dark Sky Community " in 2017 . Idaho State Highway 75 in the Sawtooth Valley between Redfish Lake and Pettit Lake roughly traverses the reserve 's " core areas " . Several sky quality meters are installed along State Highway 75 in this area . Local communities and federal authorities collaborated in the designation ; the governments will take measures such as shielding street lights to preserve the area 's dark sky ; Ketchum has had a dark sky ordinance since 1999 , and Sun Valley , also in the reserve , has its own local ordinance . The U.S. Forest Service , which manages much of the land in the area , will post informational signs about the dark sky reserve , and has said it will reduce light pollution from its buildings ; compliance by individuals on Forest Service land will be voluntary . Another dark sky certification effort was under way in 2017 about away at Bruneau Dunes State Park , which hosts a public astronomical observatory .

The Raz de Sein is a stretch of water located between the Isle of Sein and the Pointe du Raz in Finistère in the Brittany region of France . This tidal water is an essential passage for vessels wishing to pass between the Atlantic and the English Channel , because further west at high tide the Isle of Sein and its embankment stretch for more than thirty miles . This is a very dangerous zone for navigation due to the violent sea currents from the tides ( up to six knots during the spring tides ) . The current causes the sea to rise quickly , and it is recommended that heavy vessels should only attempt to cross this strait at still water during calmer conditions . The Raz de Sein is bounded by the La Vieille and Petite Vieille lighthouses and by the shoreline of the île de Sein .

" Coming Down Again " is a song by the Rolling Stones featured on their 1973 album Goats Head Soup . It is sung as a duet by Keith Richards and Mick Jagger . Credited to Jagger / Richards , " Coming Down Again " is largely the work of Richards , who went as far as to say " ' Coming Down Again ' is my song " at the time of its release . A slower ballad similar in mood to another track on the album , " Angie " , the lyrics tell of Richards ' relationship with then - girlfriend Anita Pallenberg , who had chosen to abandon her romantic liaison with his friend and bandmate Brian Jones in favour of one with Richards . The song opens with Stones recording veteran Nicky Hopkins playing keyboards alongside a fluid , prominent bassline performed by Mick Taylor . Guitars are performed by Richards , who uses the wah - wah pedal for much of the song ( an effect used often on Goats Head Soup ) , as well as Leslie speakers . Charlie Watts performs a " trademark start - stop drum arrangement ... that by now had become a familiar device . " Bobby Keys performs a saxophone solo near the middle of the song . Jagger gives support to Richards on backing vocals . Recorded in Kingston 's Dynamic Sound Studios in November and December , 1972 , " Coming Down Again " is regarded as one of Richards ' best lead vocal performances . Despite some popularity , Richards has never performed the song live on tour with the Rolling Stones .

Mahamakut Buddhist University or MBU (; ) is one of the two public Buddhist universities in Thailand . Founded in 1893 as an educational institute for monks , by King Chulalongkorn in remembrance of his late father King Mongkut . The Thai government granted the university a status of public university in 1997 , integrating MBU into the Thai higher education system . Mahamakut Buddhist University is composed of four academic faculties : Religion and Philosophy Faculty , Humanities Faculty , Social Sciences Faculty , and Education Faculty . In addition , the university also offer a teachers ' training program as well as various academic services to the public . The university began offering master 's degree programs in 1987 . The Ph.D. program of Buddhist Studies was established in 2005 .

Paul Atkins is an American cinematographer specializing in natural history films . Atkins is known for the footage of killer whales preying on seal pups in the BBC 's The Trials of Life ( 1990 ) , for which he won a British Academy of Film and Television Arts ( BAFTA ) award . Atkins also was the director of photography for the Cape Horn unit for the feature film , which won an Academy Award for Cinematography by Russell Boyd , ASC . Atkins has been nominated for an Emmy award numerous times , winning it for his work in Great White Shark ( 1995 ) ( Cinematography ) , and Hawaii : Strangers in Paradise ( 1991 ) ( Cinematography , Outstanding Cultural Programming ) . Recently he has formed a partnership with Terrence Malick , serving as a second - unit director for The Tree of Life ( 2011 ) and Malick 's currently untitled sixth feature , as well as director of photography for Voyage of Time ( 2016 ) . Atkins ' union affiliation is with IATSE . Atkins resides in Hawaii , where he has also worked locally such as shooting commercials for Hawaiian Electric Company and US Senator Daniel Inouye . He works together with his wife , Grace Atkins , in their company Moana Productions .

Ou Reang Ov District ( ) is a district ( srok ) located in Tboung Khmum Province , Cambodia . The district capital is Ou Reang Ov town located around 30 kilometres south of the provincial capital of Kampong Cham by road . Ou Reang Ov lies on the border where Tboung Khmum , Kampong Cham and Prey Veng provinces meet ; the town of Prey Veng is only 42 kilometres away by road . Prior to 31 December 2013 when Tboung Khmum Province was formed by royal decree , the district was part of Kampong Cham Province . Ou Reang Ov is easily accessed by road from Kampong Cham or Prey Veng town . Ou Reang Ov is a long narrow district located in southern Tboung Khmum . A large rubber plantation covers the northern part of the district . Ou Reang Ov town lies on National Highway 11 which runs from Neak Leung in Prey Veng province to an intersection with National Highway 7 at Thnal Totoung in Tboung Kmom District .

Brigadier General Basilio Arturo Ignacio Lami Dozo ( 1 February 1929 – 1 February 2017 ) was a member of the Argentine Air Force . He participated in the military dictatorship known as the National Reorganisation Process ( 1976 – 1983 ) and , along with Leopoldo Fortunato Galtieri and Jorge Isaac Anaya , was a member of the Third Military Junta that ruled Argentina between 1981 and 1982 . Alongside Reynaldo Bignone and Omar Graffigna he was one of the last surviving members of the dictatorship . In the 1985 Trial of the Juntas he was charged with , and acquitted of , acts of torture , making false declarations , and kidnappings . In 1989 he was sentenced to an eight - year prison term in the criminal proceedings that arose from the 1982 Falklands War , in which he had served as commander - in - chief of the Air Force . In 1990 he received a presidential pardon from Carlos Menem and was allowed to keep his military rank . In 2003 the Spanish justice system sought his extradition in order to stand trial in Spain for crimes against humanity committed during the dictatorship . Initially the government of Spanish Prime Minister José María Aznar ruled the extradition inadmissible but , in 2005 , the Supreme Court overturned that decision and ordered extradition proceedings to go ahead .

Finlands sak är vår ( English : The Finnish cause is ours ) is the title of a Swedish book written by journalists Olof Lagercrantz and Karl - Gustaf Hillebrand . It appeared in December 1939 , at the outbreak of the Winter War . Its print run was 600,000 copies , and it spread throughout Sweden . The book 's title was adopted as a campaign motto by the Finland committee . The sentence was coined by Swedish foreign minister Christian Günther . The campaign sought volunteers to fight with Finland against the Soviet invasion , and resulted in 10,000 applicants , of which 8,000 eventually were sent to Finland . In addition the campaign provided economic aid , clothing assistance and medical personnel . Many Swedish cultural personalities and journalists participated in the campaign . The campaign was financed by large Swedish companies as well as the Swedish Trade Union Confederation .

Philip Maneval ( born 1956 ) is an American composer and arts administrator . As a composer , Maneval has written more than 35 solo , chamber music and orchestral works which have been played by groups including the Chicago String Quartet and Miami String Quartet , and performed at the Marlboro Music Festival and Kimmel Center for the Performing Arts . As an administrator , Maneval is the Executive Director of the Philadelphia Chamber Music Society and Manager of the Marlboro Music School and Festival . Maneval grew up in Leonia , New Jersey . He studied composition at the Oberlin Conservatory of Music and in the graduate school at the University of Pennsylvania . His teachers included Richard Wernick , George Crumb and George Rochberg . As of 2008 , he lives in Swarthmore , Pennsylvania , with his wife and two children .

The Anahita Temple ( ) is the name of one of two archaeological sites in Iran popularly thought to have been attributed to the ancient deity Anahita . The larger and more widely known of the two is located at Kangāvar in Kermanshah Province . The other is located at Bishapur . The remains at Kangavar reveal an edifice that is Hellenistic in character , and yet display Persian architectural designs . The plinth 's enormous dimensions for example , which measure just over 200 m on a side , and its megalithic foundations , which echo Achaemenid stone platforms , " constitute Persian elements " . This is thought to be corroborated by the " two lateral stairways that ascend the massive stone platform recalling Achaemenid traditions " , particularly that of the Apadana Palace at Persepolis . Another Iranian construction with Hellenistic characteristics is the Khurra mausoleum in Markazi Province .

Vithura is a small village situated 36   km from Thiruvananthapuram , capital of the Kerala state in India . Vithura is the crossroads to various tourist , cultural , and religious centres . Surrounded by the Western Ghats ( Sahyadri ) , Vithura is a prime tourist spot . The Village is rich with scenic beauty and good climate . The campus for the Indian Institute of Science Education and Research , Thiruvananthapuram is being constructed here . There are several rubber plantations . Prominent tourist spots include Ponmudi , Peppara Dam , Meenmutty Falls , Bonacaud and Agastyakoodam . The 2001 census reports a population of 26,927 . A stones throw away from Vithura lies Iruthalamoola Junction in the Tholicode Panchayath . Iru in Malayalam means two and Thala means head and moola means corner . Perhaps the place got its name because the Trivandrum to Ponmudi and Vithura to Aryanad roads meet at Eruthalamoola Junction . Perched on a hill very close to Iruthalamoola stands a massive magnificent rock called Chittiparra . Chittiparra is frequented by adventure type tourists keen on the challenges of rock climbing . Lush green paddy fields , rubber plantations , coconut gardens abound in scenic Vithura which is a hot spot for the thousands of tea plantation workers who work in the hills . A visit to the rubber plantations , including the local kalaris ( Traditional Martial Arts Schools ) is a must to every visitor .

Notre - Dame de Paris (; ; meaning " Our Lady of Paris " ) , also known as Notre - Dame Cathedral or simply Notre - Dame , is a medieval Catholic cathedral on the Île de la Cité in the fourth arrondissement of Paris , France . The cathedral is widely considered to be one of the finest examples of French Gothic architecture . The innovative use of the rib vault and flying buttress , the enormous and colorful rose windows , and the naturalism and abundance of its sculptural decoration all set it apart from earlier Romanesque architecture . The cathedral was begun in 1160 and largely completed by 1260 , though it was modified frequently in the following centuries . In the 1790s , Notre - Dame suffered desecration during the French Revolution when much of its religious imagery was damaged or destroyed . Soon after the publication of Victor Hugo 's novel The Hunchback of Notre Dame in 1831 , popular interest in the building revived . A major restoration project supervised by Eugène Viollet - le - Duc began in 1845 and continued for twenty - five years . Beginning in 1963 , the facade of the Cathedral was cleaned of centuries of soot and grime , returning it to its original color . Another campaign of cleaning and restoration was carried out from 1991 - 2000 . As the cathedral of the Archdiocese of Paris , Notre - Dame contains the cathedra of the Archbishop of Paris , currently Michel Aupetit . 12 million people visit Notre - Dame yearly , which makes it the most visited monument in Paris .

The General Motors J platform , or J - body , is an automobile platform that was used by General Motors from 1981 to 2005 . Marking the transition to front - wheel drive in the compact - car segment in North America , the J platform was the successor to the H platform , making it the third generation of compact cars designed by the company . Outside North America , the J platform was adopted by GM - controlled subsidiaries making the same transition to front - wheel drive , though as a mid - size car . By 1990 , General Motors began to reduce its usage of the J platform , reducing its usage of badge engineering . As the company prepared the launch of the Saturn S - Series for 1990 , Buick and Oldsmobile ended their use of the J platform . Outside of North America , the J platform was phased out in favor of the GM2900 platform ( cars based upon the Opel Vectra ) . With its highest sales under the Chevrolet and Pontiac brands , the J platform remained in production into the 2000s , following several redesigns . Replaced by the GM Delta platform , General Motors ended production of the J - platform in June 2005 , with a Pontiac Sunfire as the final example .

Nina Solheim ( born 4 August 1979 ) is a Norwegian taekwondo practitioner . She won a silver medal in the women 's heavyweight ( + 67   kg ) division at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing , beaten by Mexican Maria Espinosa in the final . She also qualified and competed in the women 's middleweight ( 67   kg ) division at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens . She lost in the quarterfinals against Luo Wei of China after injuring her knee . In addition to a bronze medal from the 2001 World Taekwondo Championships in Jeju , South Korea , Solheim won the gold medal in middleweight ( 72   kg ) at the 2006 World Cup in Bangkok , Thailand . Solheim is a well known athlete in Norway . She was born in South Korea , and at the age of seven months , she and her twin sister Mona were adopted by Norwegian parents , growing up in Namsos .

Richard Wettstein ( 30 June 1863 in Vienna – 10 August 1931 in Trins ) was an Austrian botanist . His taxonomic system , the Wettstein system was one of the earliest based on phyletic principles . Wettstein studied in Vienna , where he was a disciple of Anton Kerner von Marilaun ( 1831 - 1898 ) and married his daughter Adele . He was a professor at the University of Prague from 1892 , and at the University of Vienna from 1899 . He newly laid out the Botanical Garden of the University of Vienna . In 1901 he became president of the Vienna Zoological - Botanical Society ( Zoologisch - Botanische Gesellschaft ) , and during the same year took part in a scientific expedition to Brazil . In 1919 he was appointed vice - president of the Vienna Academy of Sciences . During his later years ( 1929 – 30 ) , he traveled with his son , Friedrich , to eastern and southern Africa . The mycological genus Wettsteinina is named in his honor . In 1905 , he was co - president of the International Botanical Congress , held in Vienna .

The Moneypenny Diaries : Guardian Angel is the first in a trilogy of novels chronicling the life of Miss Moneypenny , M 's personal secretary in Ian Fleming 's James Bond series . The diaries were authored by Samantha Weinberg under the pseudonym Kate Westbrook , who is depicted as the book 's editor . The first instalment , subtitled Guardian Angel was released in the United Kingdom on October 10 , 2005 by John Murray publishers . A United States edition was published by Thomas Dunne Books on May 13 , 2008 , although this edition has no subtitle . The second volume of the series , was published on November 2 , 2006 in the UK . Weinberg is the first woman to write an officially licensed James Bond - related novel .

The Indian Statutory Commission , commonly referred to as the Simon Commission , was a group of seven British Members of Parliament under the chairmanship of Sir John Allsebrook Simon . The commission arrived in British India in 1928 to study constitutional reform in Britain 's most important colonial dependency . One of its members was Clement Attlee , who became committed to Indian independence by 1934 and achieved that goal as Prime Minister in 1947 in the granting of independence to India and Pakistan . At the time of introducing the Montagu – Chelmsford Reforms in 1919 , the British Government declared that a commission would be sent to India after ten years to examine the effects and operations of the constitutional reforms and to suggest more reforms for India . In November 1927 , the British government appointed a commission to report on India 's constitutional progress for introducing constitutional reforms , as promised . The Commission was strongly opposed by many in India and met with protests in every major Indian city it visited . Prominent Indian nationalist Lala Lajpat Rai led a protest in Lahore . He suffered a police beating during the protest , and died of his injuries two weeks later .

Harbin – Qiqihar intercity railway , also known as Ha Qi passenger - dedicated line ( PDL ) , is the China ’s most northerly high - speed railway . It opened for revenue service on 17 August 2015 , connecting the two principal cities in Heilongjiang province , Harbin and Qiqihar . Operating at up to 250 km / h , the high - speed trains have cut the fastest journey time between the cities from 3 h to 85 min . Under construction since 2009 , the 286 km line has intermediate stations at Harbin Bei , Zhaodong , Anda , Daqing Dong , Daqing Xi and Taikang . It is expected to carry around 8 million passengers a year . The route is operated with a fleet of 28 CRH5A trainsets which have been modified to cope with the region ’s severe winter conditions , where temperatures can fall as low as -40 ° C . Average temperatures for January are reported to be -19·2 ° C in Qiqihar and -18·3 ° C in Harbin .

Black Isle Studios was a division of the developer and publisher Interplay Entertainment that developed role - playing video games . It also published several games from other developers . Black Isle was based in Irvine , California . The division was formed in 1996 , adopting the name " Black Isle Studios " in 1998 . The idea for the division 's name came from the Black Isle in Scotland - founder Feargus Urquhart 's ancestral country . Black Isle Studios is most famous for working on the first two games in the popular and influential Fallout series as well as the critically acclaimed . They also achieved success with the Icewind Dale and Baldur 's Gate series of role - playing video games , though they only published the Baldur 's Gate series . In 1999 , IGN 's RPG Vault gave it the award for a Developer Of The Year . The company was closed in late 2003 , when Interplay went bankrupt . Interplay revived the Black Isle name in August of 2012 with the intention of producing new role - playing games under that label . Black Isle ceased to exist once more , without having produced any new games , when Interplay sold off all of its video game assets and intellectual property in 2016 .

The Capture of Jericho occurred between 19 and 21 February 1918 to the east of Jerusalem beginning the Occupation of the Jordan Valley during the Sinai and Palestine Campaign of the First World War . Fighting took place in an area bordered by the Bethlehem – Nablus road in the west , the Jordan River in the east , and north of a line from Jerusalem to the Dead Sea . Here a British Empire force attacked Ottoman positions , forcing them back to Jericho and eventually across the Jordan River . Winter rains put an end to campaigning after the advance from the Gaza – Beersheba line to the capture of Jerusalem in December 1917 . This lull in the fighting offered the opportunity for the captured territories to be consolidated . Extensive developments were also required along the lines of communication to ensure that front - line troops were adequately supplied , approximately from their main bases at Moascar and Kantara on the Suez Canal . General Edmund Allenby 's initial strategic plans focused on his open right flank . If attacked with sufficiently large forces , he could be outflanked by an attack from the east — unlike his left flank which rested securely on the Mediterranean Sea to the west . His aim was to capture the territory east of Jerusalem stretching to the Dead Sea , where his right flank could be more secure . The area was garrisoned by Ottoman troops entrenched on hill - tops which the British infantry , Australian light horse and New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigades attacked . The infantry captured Talat ed Dumm on the main Jerusalem to Jericho road , while the light horse and mounted rifle brigades captured Jericho and the area to the south bordered by the Jordan River and the Dead Sea .

Kanwari , also spelled Kunwari , Knwari or Kwari , is a village of 7,000 population , in Hansi - I Tehsil , Hisar-1 Rural Development Block , Hansi ( Vidhan Sabha constituency ) and Hisar ( Lok Sabha constituency ) of Hisar District of Hisar Division in the Haryana state of India . The village has 4 panna / patti ( subdivisions ) , named as Nangalia Panna , Sheoran Panna , etc . with a total revenue land area of 43903 Kanal or 5487 acre as per HALRIS records . It is situated from the state capital Chandigarh , from the national capital Delhi , from the district headquarter Hisar , from Bhiwani and from the Tosham Hill range beginning at Khanak . Shilpi Sheoran , international wrestling champion , is from Kanwari who started her sporting career from akharas in Hisar .

GEC Plessey Telecommunications ( GPT ) was founded in 1988 as a joint venture between GEC and the British electronics , defence and telecommunications company Plessey . A joint holding company of GEC and the German conglomerate Siemens AG acquired Plessey a year later , and GPT was converted into a 60/40 GEC / Siemens joint venture . During the mid-1990s , the name GPT gradually disappeared in the UK . By October 1997 , the company evolved into Siemens GEC Communication Systems ( SCGS ) . In 1998 , it was amalgamated into Siemens Communications ( the largest division of Siemens , which would became part of Siemens Enterprise Communications in 2008 ) . In August 1998 , GEC acquired the 40 % stake held by Siemens in GPT ( by now only existing as a legal entity ) , and merged it into its newly founded subsidiary Marconi Communications . Through a series of mergers , divisions and restructuring in 1998/1999 , GEC was renamed to Marconi plc , which was again restructured to Marconi Corporation plc in May 2003 . In 2005 , Marconi Corporation plc along with its subsidiary Marconi Communications , was sold to Ericsson and the remainder was renamed Telent plc .

Instrument is a documentary film directed by Jem Cohen about the band Fugazi . Cohen 's relationship with band member Ian MacKaye extends back to the 1970s when the two met in high school in Washington , D.C .. The film takes its title from the Fugazi song of the same name , from their 1993 album , In on the Kill Taker . Editing of the film was done by both Cohen and the members of the band over the course of five years . It was shot from 1987 through 1998 on super 8 , 16 mm and video and is composed mainly of footage of concerts , interviews with the band members , practices , tours and time spent in the studio recording their 1995 album , Red Medicine . The film also includes portraits of fans as well as interviews with them at various Fugazi shows around the United States throughout the years . The Instrument Soundtrack by Fugazi was released in conjunction with the film . It consisted primarily of instrumental and unreleased songs ( including many demo cuts from End Hits , their next album after the soundtrack ) . When asked what the goal was in making Instrument , Cohen responded : One such misconception is shared in a scene where drummer Brendan Canty tells his bandmates how his sister 's boyfriend believes that Fugazi lives in a house together without heat and subsisting on a steady diet of nothing but rice . Cohen has also said that " [ o]ne of the reasons why I work with Fugazi and they work with me is that we enjoy traveling through this madness . It 's what they write songs about and it 's what I try to document in my films . " Notable scenes in the film include Fugazi performing for inmates at Lorton Correctional Facility ; singer / guitarist Guy Picciotto 's hilarious and astounding performance in a Philadelphia college gym in 1988 , where he stuffs himself through a basketball hoop and performs hanging upside down by his legs ( filmed by Todd Crespi ) ; and an interview of Guy Picciotto and Ian MacKaye by an 8th grade girl for a Public - access television cable TV show .

Barbro Stigsdotter ( 1472 - 1528 ) , was a Swedish noble . She is famous for her part in the Vasasagan ( Vasa Saga ) , the traditional national legend about the accession to the throne of King Gustav Vasa of Sweden . Barbro Stigsdotter was the daughter of Stig Hansson , a Vogt of the mine Jönshyttan in Tuna , and married the noble Are nt Persson of Ornäs . According to the chronicle of Peder Swart , Gustav Vasa , who was hunted by the Danes , passed her home as a guest during his flight from the Danes in 1520 . Her spouse was to have planned to have him taken prisoner and delivered to the Danes . Barbro Stigsdotter , however , warned Gustav Vasa , which made is possible for him to escape capture . As this eventually lead to Sweden becoming independent from the Danes with Vasa as its monarch , her act of loyalty made her a national heroine in the chronicle . There is another document that claims that it was not her spouse , but her father , whom she defied by thwarting his plans of delivering Vasa to the Danes . Except for the uncertainty on this detail , the account of her saving Gustav Vasa on this occasion is regarded to be genuine and accurate . In the national National Portrait Gallery ( Sweden ) of Gripsholm , which was opened in the 1822 , her portrait was featured among six of the most famous Swedish women in history along with Bridget of Sweden , Sophia Rosenhane , Hedvig Charlotta Nordenflycht , Sophia Elisabet Brenner and Vendela Skytte .

Wyndham Robertson ( January 26 , 1803February 11 , 1888 ) was the Acting Governor of the U.S. state of Virginia from 1836 to 1837 . He also twice served multiple terms in the Virginia House of Delegates , the second series representing Richmond during the American Civil War . A Whig , Robertson advocated for Union during the secession crisis that precipitated the Civil War . However , after Lincoln 's call for troops , he remained loyal to his state . After the war , he was a member of the Committee of Nine that helped usher Virginia back into the Union without imposing disabilities upon former Confederates . Near the end of his life , Robertson published a book about Pocahontas and her descendants , including himself .

Crkvine ( ) is a Neolithic locality and an archaeological site in the village of Stubline in the municipality of Obrenovac , which is part of the City of Belgrade , the capital of Serbia . The Neolithic settlement is dated to the 5th millennium BC and was part of the Vinča culture . The research of the site began in 1962 and the locality was declared a cultural monument in 2014 . The site gives an unprecedented possibility of researching the architecture and urbanism of the Vinča culture as it marks the previously unrecorded and unique settlement type of this cultural group . Taking in account its geographical position , a regular street - like layout of houses , close economic and , presumably , social connections with the surrounding contemporary settlements and beyond , the Crkvine settlement appears to be a " burgeoning proto - urban society " , in the region bounded by three rivers , the Sava , Kolubara and Tamnava .

Greatest Hits is the first greatest hits compilation album by American hard rock band Aerosmith , released by Columbia Records in October 1980 . It went multi - platinum and contained the songs that made the band an icon of the 1970s rock era . Some of the tracks were significantly edited from their original versions . The single version of " Same Old Song and Dance " was used , and was edited down almost a full minute . It also contained an alternate lyric which was n't heard on Get Your Wings . The original lyric was " Gotcha with the cocaine , found with your gun . " The alternate lyric , included on the compilation , was " You shady lookin ' loser , you played with my gun . " " Sweet Emotion " also used the single version ; it begins with the first chorus , cutting out the now famous talk box intro and the coda was replaced with a repeating chorus and fades out . " Kings and Queens " was also edited down , cutting the intro and certain other parts . " Walk This Way " was edited slightly , chanting the first chorus once instead of twice . The other remaining tracks were kept intact . In 1997 , a slightly revised version , Greatest Hits 1973–1988 , was released , with the ten tracks in their edited versions retained , with five additional songs from the same era added , plus the 1991 version of " Sweet Emotion " and a live version of " One Way Street " . Greatest Hits is the band 's highest RIAA certified album in the United States , having been certified 11x Platinum in 2007 .

Neba'a Faour , Tell Neba'a Faour , Mashna'et el Faour , Neba Faour or Nebaa Faour is a large , low - lying archaeological tell mound in the Bekaa Valley , Lebanon inhabited in the late 7th and early 6th millennium BC . It was initially discovered by Lorraine Copeland and Peter J. Wescombe in 1965 near the road from Beirut to Damascus , 5 miles from the border with Syria . The site was mainly composed of soil and pebbles on limestone bedrock , the site showed heavy erosion since it was abandoned and recent damage from modern construction in the area . It has been suggested as an example of an aceramic stage following the Pre - Pottery Neolithic B ( PPNB ) that is called the Pre - Pottery Neolithic C ( PPNC ) ; sites of comparable culture are Tell Ramad , Labwe and others in the Byblos region . It is generally dated between the second half of the 7th millennium and the beginning of the 6th millennium BC .

The following is an incomplete list of people who have either declined or renounced an Indian honour or decoration . These include recipients of the Bharat Ratna and the Padma awards ( Padma Vibhushan , Padma Bhushan , Padma Shri ) , along with other Indian governmental awards . In some instances , the families of an intended posthumous recipient of a national honour have declined the award for various reasons . The President of India may cancel and annul any honour if the recipient commits any acts of criminal misconduct or otherwise abuses the award . As there are no specific guidelines for otherwise withdrawing a national honour from a recipient , the acts of returning / renouncing an award to register a protest , or refusing an award after an official awards list has been published , are only symbolic actions . For instance , while independence activist and educationist Asha Devi Aryanayakam refused the Padma Shri after it was conferred upon her in 1954 , she remains on the official register of Padma awardees . In 1984 , poet and novelist Khushwant Singh , a 1974 Padma Bhushan honoree , returned the honour to protest the Indian army 's Operation Blue Star ; in spite of this , he remains listed as a Padma Bhushan recipient .

Otto Corbach ( 1877 - 1938 ) was a German journalist and publicist . Corbach was born in Herscheid and moved to Qingdao in 1900 , at that time the administrative centre of the Kiautschou Bay concession . He had a position as an accountant , probably for Kappler & Sohn as he was staying in Kappler 's house . He started editing the paper Deutsch - Asiatische Warte ( Germa - Asian Viewpoint ) . However in 1902 he got in trouble for criticising the authorities and returned to Germany . He worked as an editor first in Kassel and then in Wroclaw before moving to Berlin . Corbach was a friend of Franz Pfemfert and shared his readiness to use the writings of Friedrich Nietzsche to criticise Wilhelminian Germany . He was a regular contributor to Pfemfert 's Die Aktion .

Ricky Quade ( born 26 August 1950 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who represented South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) . Quade later became better known as the inaugural coach of the Sydney Swans , when South Melbourne relocated to the Harbour City in 1982 , and also served the club in various administrative roles . Quade originally supported , the club that his older brothers Tom and Mike had played for , but with the advent of zoned country recruitment in late 1967 , Quade would end up joining South Melbourne from Ariah Park , New South Wales in 1970 and played as a ruck - rover . He won their best and fairest award in 1976 and captained the club from 1977 to 1979 . When South Melbourne relocated to Sydney in 1982 Quade was their inaugural coach and remained there until thirteen rounds into the 1984 season , when a severely bleeding ulcer caused him to resign . Quade had already considered it likely he would resign at the end of 1984 .

The Bartlesville Boosters were a minor league baseball team that existed on - and - off from 1907 to 1924 . The team , based in Bartlesville , Oklahoma , USA , played in the Oklahoma – Arkansas – Kansas League ( 1907 ) , Oklahoma – Kansas League ( 1908 ) and Western Association ( 1909 – 1910 , 1924 ) . Major leaguers Larry Cheney and Art Thomason played for the team in 1907 . Cheney returned in 1908 and was joined by Ray Powell and manager Gus Alberts , both of whom also played in the big leagues . George Cochran , Bert Graham , Powell , Claude Thomas and John Vann played for them in 1909 . Future Hall of Famer Jake Beckley joined the team as a player - manager in 1910 , alongside Verne Clemons , Cochran , Thomas and Lon Ury .

Captain Edgar Gaston Furtado Abraham ( 1880 – 17 February 1955 ) was a British civil servant and judge in India . Abraham was educated at St Paul 's School , London and Corpus Christi College , Oxford . He joined the Indian Civil Service in 1904 , serving in the Punjab throughout his career . On the outbreak of the First World War in 1914 , he returned to Britain to be commissioned into the Royal Garrison Artillery , serving on the Western Front and reaching the rank of Captain . In January 1918 , he was seconded to the War Cabinet as an Assistant Secretary and four months later was sent to the Versailles Conference , where he served until 1920 . For these services he was appointed Companion of the Order of the Bath ( CB ) in the 1920 New Year Honours . Returning to India , he served successively as Deputy Commissioner of the Punjab , Home Secretary of the Punjab , and as a Sessions Judge . A member of the New Commonwealth Society , he was one of those who presented plans for a multinational " world security force " in London in 1949 .

The Sidi Saiyyed Mosque , popularly known as Sidi Saiyyid ni Jali locally , built in 1572 - 73 AD ( Hijri year 980 ) , is one of the most famous mosques of Ahmedabad , Gujarat , India . As attested by the marble tablet fixed on the wall of the mosque , it was built by Sidi Saiyyid in the retinue of Bilal Jhajar Khan , general in the army of the last Sultan Shams - ud - Din Muzaffar Shah III of the Gujarat Sultanate . The mosque was built in the last year of the existence of Gujarat Sultanate . The mosque is entirely arcuated and is known for its ten intricately carved stone latticework windows ( jalis ) on the side and rear arches . The rear wall is filled with square stone pierced panels in geometrical designs . The two bays flanking the central aisle have reticulated stone slabs carved in designs of intertwined trees and foliage and a palm motif . This intricately carved lattice stone window is the Sidi Saiyyed Jali , the unofficial symbol of city of Ahmedabad and the inspiration for the design of the logo of the Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad . The central window arch of the mosque , where one would expect to see another intricate jali , is instead walled with stone . This is possibly because the mosque was not completed according to plan before the Mughals invaded Gujarat .

Batkid Begins is a 2015 American documentary film co - produced ( with Liza Maek ) , co - written ( with Kurt Kuenne ) and directed by Dana Nachman . The documentary follows Miles Scott , an American child and cancer survivor . His wish was to be " Batkid " , a sidekick of the eponymous comic book superhero Batman . Once the request went out , thousands of volunteers , city officials , businesses and supporters rallied to turn San Francisco , California into " Gotham City " – the fictional home city of Batman , on November 15 , 2013 , for one of the largest and most elaborate Make - A - Wish projects ever staged . The film was released by Warner Bros. Pictures on June 26 , 2015 .

The Predator is the third studio album by Ice Cube . Released within months of the 1992 Los Angeles riots , on November 17 , 1992 , many songs comment on the racial tensions . The title is in part reference to the movie Predator 2 , and the album itself includes samples from the film . Though not Ice Cube 's most critically successful album , The Predator is his most commercially successful , reaching 2x platinum status in the United States , also containing his most successful single , " It Was a Good Day . " The Predator is his only number one album on the Billboard 200 to date , selling 193,000 copies in its first week . As of 2008 , it has sold over two million copies in the US , according to Nielsen SoundScan .

Kenneth Rowntree ( 14 March 1915 – 21 February 1997 ) was a British artist . He was educated at Bootham School , York . A Quaker and son of Howard Doncaster Rowntree ( 1879 - 1974 ) , a First World War conscientious objector , he was also a conscientious objector in the Second World War . He worked for the War Artists ' Advisory Committee . He was one of the Great Bardfield Artists and taught at the Royal College of Art . In 1939 Rowntree married architect Diana Rowntree née Buckley . In 2009 his studio was sold at auction in Newcastle - on - Tyne . The catalogue , written and researched by Steven Moore , included an introduction by Rowntree 's friend and colleague John Milner . Rowntree died on 21 February 1997 .

Stair Dismount ( also known as Porrasturvat ) is a computer game originally made by Jetro Lauha of tAAt . It is a puzzle game where the goal is maximising the damage done to a 3D stickman figure ; the player causes damage by applying a force to the figure to make it fall down a staircase . The stick figure 's falls are accompanied by various sound effects — cracks , wails and groans — as it makes its way to the bottom . Stair Dismount uses ragdoll physics , so the figure is very floppy as it falls , like a ragdoll . The game was first published in Assembly 2002 , where it won the first prize in the game development competition . The newest version , 1.0.3 , is available for Microsoft Windows , Mac OS X and Linux . Stair Dismount for iPhone and iPod touch was released on 25 Nov , 2009 ( originally announced as Stair Dismount Touch ) . Later it has been modified to be an " Universal " build to add support for iPad . Subsequently it has also been released for Android devices in June 2011 .

Ranil Wickremesinghe , MP ( , ; born 24 March 1949 ) is a Sri Lankan politician who served as the 15th Prime Minister of Sri Lanka , from 9 January 2015 to 26 October 2018 . For his fourth term as the Prime Minister of the United National Party since 1994 , and a Member of Parliament for Colombo District since 1977 . He is also the leader of the United National Front , having been appointed head of the alliance in October 2009 . Wickremesinghe also previously served as prime minister from 7 May 1993 to 19 August 1994 and 9 December 2001 to 6 April 2004 . He was appointed party leader in November 1994 following the assassination of Gamini Dissanayake during the campaign for the 1994 presidential election . On 8 January 2015 , Wickremesinghe was appointed as prime minister by President Maithripala Sirisena , who had defeated President Mahinda Rajapaksa in the 2015 presidential election . Wickremesinghe 's coalition alliance , the United National Front for Good Governance , won the 2015 parliamentary election with 106 seats . Although it fell short of an outright majority , Wickremesinghe was re - elected as Prime Minister with over 35 Sri Lanka Freedom Party members joining his cabinet . Wickremesinghe was relieved of his duties as Prime Minister effective immediately on 26 October 2018 by President Maithripala Sirisena with the appointment of former President Mahinda Rajapaksa as the Prime Minister of Sri Lanka , which Wickremesinghe has claimed unconstitutional and refused to accept resulting in a 2018 Sri Lankan constitutional crisis .

Ayatollah of Rock ' n ' Rolla is a 2014 single released by Soulfly . The song was first released on the album Savages in 2013 . The song 's title was inspired by a quote from the film Mad Max 2 . The song features Neil Fallon of Clutch , providing clean vocals in addition to roars by Max Cavalera . The song contains elements of southern metal in the Pantera style . Fallon has thoughts about himself and Cavalera singing together , " I am stoked to have been asked by Max to participate on the ' Ayatollah Of Rock ' N ' Rolla ' track ! Max brought Clutch out on some of our earliest and most formative tours and this brought back some very fond memories of singing with Max all those years ago . " Cavalera quoted about his likeness to Ghost Cult magazine , " A song like ' Ayatollah of Rock ' N ' Rolla , ' it was something totally new . I never did anything like that before . It starts with like this Country , cowboy riff , and Neil starts talking over it and it was so killer ! And of course that line in the chorus ' Ayatollah of Rock ' N ' Rolla ' is from Mad Max . It 's probably my favorite song on the album . I do n't want to make the same record over and over . " Cavalera commented to Songfacts about why he wanted Neil Fallon to join him , " I thought it was a great idea to do a song with Clutch , and mixing Soulfly and Clutch together in the same song for me sounded just so amazing and unusual and wild and exotic , which was great . We did it and it sounds killer . "

Nathan Coenen ( Perth , Western Australia , 10 September 1992 ) is an Australian actor . He is most well known for his work in The Sleepover Club 2 , a TV series aired across Australia and Europe , as well as the short feature Tinglewood , which blitzed the festival season with success . He is also a skilled player of the didgeridoo , he can hit uncommonly high notes while maintaining a deep throbbing resonance . He was nominated for a Young Artists Award in the Best Performance for a Leading Actor in a Short Film , based on his work in Tinglewood . He attended the John Curtin College of the Arts until 2009 . He enrolled at Guildhall School of Music & Drama in 2012 , graduating in 2015 . He works in the Screen Actors Guild in Los Angeles . He now lives in London where he is an up and coming tag rugby player , with a bit of work he might make a name for himself .

The Belknap Stone House in Newburgh , New York , USA , was built by Abel Belknap in the 1750s . Located on Broadway ( New York State Route 17 K ) near the city 's western boundary , it is the second oldest structure in the city after Hasbrouck House , Washington 's headquarters during the last years of the American Revolutionary War . Belknap chaired the local Committee of Safety during the war , and when the Continental Army was encamped in the Newburgh area in 1782 - 83 , the house served as James Clinton 's headquarters in the area . Today it has been restored and houses some local law offices and other businesses . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001 .

Union Peak is a heavily eroded shield volcano in the Cascade Range of central Oregon , located along the Cascade Crest less than southwest of the rim of Crater Lake . Ice Age glaciers eroded away most of the flanks of the volcano , leaving numerous deep cirques surrounding a central glacial horn . This is the same process that formed the summit horns of Three Fingered Jack , Mount Washington , Howlock Mountain , and Mount Thielsen from other shield volcanoes farther north in the Oregon Cascades . Union Peak is located within Crater Lake National Park , and the summit was used as a post for fire lookouts from the 1930s to the 1950s . A trail leads to the summit from the Pacific Crest Trail off Oregon Route 62 .

" Father 's Day " is the eighth episode of the first series of the British science fiction television programme Doctor Who , first broadcast on 14 May 2005 on BBC One . It was written by Paul Cornell and directed by Joe Ahearne . In the episode , alien time traveller the Doctor ( Christopher Eccleston ) agrees to take his companion Rose Tyler ( Billie Piper ) back to the day her father Pete ( Shaun Dingwall ) died in 1987 . When Rose intervenes and pulls her father out of the path of a car , time is wounded and dangerous Reapers attack , threatening to erase history . Pete eventually realises that to get rid of the Reapers , he must throw himself under the car that was originally meant to kill him . Lead writer and executive producer Russell T Davies conceived " Father 's Day " as an emotionally driven time travel story to explore Rose 's character . He chose Cornell to write the episode ; Cornell had written spin - off material during the years the programme was on hiatus . The monster element of the story was expanded based on suggestions from Cornell and BBC Head of Drama Jane Tranter , and the Reapers went through many designs . The episode was filmed in November 2004 at St Paul 's Church and streets in Cardiff . " Father 's Day " was watched by 8.06 million viewers in the United Kingdom and received generally positive reviews . Critics praised the focus on character and emotion .

Distributed Component Object Model ( DCOM ) is a proprietary Microsoft technology for communication between software components on networked computers . DCOM , which originally was called " Network OLE " , extends Microsoft 's COM , and provides the communication substrate under Microsoft 's COM+ application server infrastructure . The addition of the " D " to COM was due to extensive use of DCE / RPC ( Distributed Computing Environment / Remote Procedure Calls ) – more specifically Microsoft 's enhanced version , known as MSRPC . In terms of the extensions it added to COM , DCOM had to solve the problems of Marshalling – serializing and deserializing the arguments and return values of method calls " over the wire " . Distributed garbage collection – ensuring that references held by clients of interfaces are released when , for example , the client process crashed , or the network connection was lost . It had to combine Hundreds / Tens of Thousands of objects held in the client 's browser with a single transmission in order to minimize bandwidth utilization . One of the key factors in solving these problems is the use of DCE / RPC as the underlying RPC mechanism behind DCOM . DCE / RPC has strictly defined rules regarding marshalling and who is responsible for freeing memory . DCOM was a major competitor to CORBA . Proponents of both of these technologies saw them as one day becoming the model for code and service - reuse over the Internet . However , the difficulties involved in getting either of these technologies to work over Internet firewalls , and on unknown and insecure machines , meant that normal HTTP requests in combination with web browsers won out over both of them . Microsoft , at one point , attempted and failed to head this off by adding an extra http transport to DCE / RPC called ncacn_http ( Network Computing Architecture connection - oriented protocol ) . This was later resurrected to support a Microsoft Exchange 2003 connection over HTTP . DCOM is supported natively in Windows NT 4.0 , Windows 2000 , Windows XP , and Windows Server 2003 , as well as Windows 7 , Windows 8 , Windows 10 , Windows Server 2008 , Windows Server 2008 R2 , Windows Server 2012 , Windows Server 2012 R2 and Windows Server 2016 .

" Satellite " is a song recorded by Canadian rock group Nickelback for their eighth studio album , No Fixed Address ( 2014 ) . A pop rock " power ballad " about an all - encompassing love , the song was written by group members Chad Kroeger and Ryan Peake with Josh Ramsay and David Hodges . Nickelback co - produced the track with Chris Baseford . " Satellite " was released March 23 , 2015 as the album 's sixth single and serves as the second pop single in continental Europe . The song was later serviced to hot adult contemporary radio stations in the United States on May 11 , 2015 as the album 's third pop single in North America . An accompanying music video for the song , directed by Nigel Dick , serves as the second half of a two - part story started in the video for " Get ' Em Up " . Music critics were divided on their opinion of " Satellite " , with some praising the ballad form and others labelling the song as " cliché . " The song only charted in Canada , where it peaked outside the top 40 on the national adult contemporary chart .

Ángel Rodríguez Lozano is a Spanish radio journalist and popularizer of science , best known as the creator and presenter of the program Vanguardia de la Ciencia , which was broadcast without interruption every week from April 1995 until June 2007 . Before the startup of Vanguardia de la Ciencia , he participated in other programs in Radio Nacional de España . He has also contributed to other programs of popular science , El Mono Temático , En Clave de Ciencia de Radio 5 , and Hora América . From August 2006 to June 2007 , he also wrote and presented the program El Sueño de Arquímedes . Ángel Rodríguez Lozano was born in 1952 in the small municipality of La Garrovilla , near Mérida in Extremadura . He is a physicist by training , and has done research work in fluid dynamics , chaos theory and non - linear phenomena at the Complutense University of Madrid . Ángel Rodríguez Lozano has stated that he enjoys popularizing science , because the effort that is required to present a scientific topic helps him put the concepts straight , and gain a deeper understanding of the subject matter . Ángel Rodríguez Lozano left Radio Nacional in June , 2007 , because of a re - structuration of the company , which involved the early retirement of employees older than 52 years .

Camilo José Vergara ( born 1944 in Santiago , Chile ) is a Chilean - born , New York - based writer , photographer and documentarian . Vergara has been compared to Jacob Riis for his photographic documentation of American slums and decaying urban environments . Beginning in the 1980s , Vergara applied the technique of rephotography to a series of American cities , photographing the same buildings and neighborhoods from the exact vantage point at regular intervals over many years to capture changes over time . Trained as a sociologist with a specialty in urbanism , Vergara turned to his systematic documentation at a moment of urban decay , and he chose locales where that stress seemed highest : the housing projects of Chicago ; the South Bronx of New York City ; Camden , New Jersey ; and Detroit , Michigan , among others .

Pocatello Regional Airport is a city - owned , public - use airport located seven   nautical miles ( 13   km ) northwest of the central business district of Pocatello , a city in Bannock County , Idaho , United States . The airport is built on the site of the Pocatello Army Airfield , a World War II training base . Many of the base facilities have been razed , although four large hangars remain . The airport is also the home to the National Weather Service Pocatello Office . As per the Federal Aviation Administration , this airport had 25,756 passenger boardings ( enplanements ) in calendar year 2008 , 21,039 in 2009 , and 20,825 in 2010 . The National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015 categorized it as a primary commercial service airport . The airport is home to the Kizuna Garden , built to commemorate the bond between Pocatello and its sister city Iwamizawa .

The Australian Minister for Industry , Innovation and Science was a portfolio in the Government of Australia between 1928 , when the post was held by John Latham as the Minister for Industry , and 20 December 2017 , when the last incumbent of the office was Senator The Hon . Arthur Sinodinos , since 24 January 2017 . The portfolio was supported by the Australian Minister for Resources and Northern Australia , and the last incumbent of the office was The Hon . Matt Canavan between 27 October 2017 until 20 December 2017 ; and the Australian Assistant Minister for Industry , Innovation and Science , and the last incumbent of the office was The Hon . Craig Laundy between 19 July 2016 until 20 December 2017 . In the Government of Australia , the ministers administered their former portfolios through the Department of Industry , Innovation and Science . On 20 December 2017 the functions of the department were dissolved into the newly formed Department of Jobs and Small Business .

Garrison " Gary " Arthur Ewing is a fictional character from the CBS soap opera , Knots Landing , a spin - off of Dallas . The character of Gary Ewing was first played by actor David Ackroyd , in a 2-part Dallas episode entitled " Reunion " , which broadcast in September 1978 . Gary Ewing was the second son of oil baron Jock Ewing and Miss Ellie Ewing , the father of Lucy Ewing and the ex - husband of Valene Ewing . Over a year later , the part of Gary Ewing was recast for the spin - off Knots Landing with actor Ted Shackelford in the role , and Gary became one of the main stars of the series in December 1979 . Ted Shackelford played Gary Ewing in Knots Landing for its entire fourteen seasons ( 1979 – 1993 ) , while continuing to make occasional appearances in Dallas during that time . The character of Gary made his last Knots Landing appearance in 1997 , in the reunion series . Shackelford reprised his character for the new , updated version of Dallas in 2013 .

Ames Laboratory is a United States Department of Energy national laboratory located in Ames , Iowa and affiliated with Iowa State University . This is a top level national laboratory for new research in various domains concerning national security and resource management . The Laboratory conducts research into various areas of national concern , including the synthesis and study of new materials , energy resources , high - speed computer design , and environmental cleanup and restoration . It is located on the campus of Iowa State University . In January 2013 the Department of Energy announced the establishment of the Critical Materials Institute ( CMI ) at Ames Laboratory , with a mission to develop solutions to the domestic shortages of rare - earth metals and other materials critical for U.S. energy security .

Oddworld : Abe 's Exoddus is a platform video game developed by Oddworld Inhabitants and published by GT Interactive . Although the game is a sequel to the video game , it is considered a spin - off title in the Oddworld series , and not part of the main Oddworld Quintology . It was released in November 1998 for the PlayStation video game console and Microsoft Windows . It was re - released on the PlayStation Network in October 2009 . The game continues the story of Abe , charting his efforts to save his fellow Mudokons from another plot by the Glukkons to exploit them . Abe discovers that the Glukkons are enslaving Mudokons , this time to produce a drink called Soulstorm Brew , which uses Mudokon bones and tears as its ingredients . The player assumes the role of Abe , embarking on a quest to halt production of SoulStorm Brew . The game was released to similar critical acclaim as the first title . Reviews praised the game 's ability to allow the player to quick save anywhere they liked , a feature that was not present in Abe 's Oddysee , while noting that it was very similar to that title . The game won multiple awards upon release . On March 14 , 2016 , it was announced that Oddworld Inhabitants are working on a follow - up to ( a 2014 Abe 's Oddysee remake ) titled . The game page confirms that this title is inspired by Abe 's Exoddus and that the new game is going to be a re - tale of Abe 's Exoddus .

Alfred Mechtersheimer is a former Bundestag member and Neue Rechte politician and author . A former German Air Force colonel and a spokesperson for the far - right Deutschland - Bewegung , Mechtersheimer is known for his protest against Germany 's participation in NATO . Mechtersheimer was also a leading figure in the peace movement in the late 1970s and early 1980s , and among the founders of the ecopax movement . Consequently , Mechtersheimer 's political career has seen him move from Bavarian CSU to the Greens in the 1980s . Later he distanced himself from the Greens as well , for their purported lack of patriotism . Afterward Mechtersheimer has organized various movements known for their " stridently nationalist brand of national pacifism " . His politics since the 1990s have been self - described as " Nationalpazifismus " ( roughly : national - pacifist ) .

Loyola University Chicago Quinlan School of Business encompasses the undergraduate , graduate , and executive - level business programs of Loyola University Chicago in downtown Chicago , Illinois , with campuses and partnerships in Rome , Italy ; Beijing , China ; and Saigon - Ho Chi Minh City , Vietnam . As a top 3 MBA program in Chicago and the city 's No . 1 undergraduate business school , Quinlan is the city 's only Jesuit business school and was founded in 1922 to help working - class employees move from the factory floor to the front office . In 2012 , it was named for Michael R. Quinlan , the University 's two - time alumnus , who worked his way up from the mailroom to the boardroom of McDonald 's as chairman and CEO .

Jean - Claude Bajeux ( 17 September 1931 – 5 August 2011 ) was a Haitian political activist and professor of Caribbean literature . For many years he was director of the Ecumenical Center for Human Rights based in Haiti 's capital , Port - au - Prince , and a leader of the National Congress of Democratic Movements , a moderate socialist political party also known as KONAKOM . He was Minister of Culture during Jean - Bertrand Aristide 's first term as President of Haiti . In 1993 The New York Times called him " Haiti 's leading human rights campaigner " . In 1996 the paper called him " one of the country 's leading intellectuals " . In 2004 the St. Petersburg Times called him " Haiti 's most respected human rights activist " .

Stu Loeser is a Democratic communications strategist . He served as the Press Secretary to the former Mayor of New York City Michael Bloomberg and was the longest tenured Press Secretary in the history of New York City . Prior to his appointment as Press Secretary , Loeser served as a spokesman on Mayor Michael Bloomberg 's 2005 re - election campaign and as Communications Director for U.S. Senator Charles Schumer ( D - NY ) . He first worked as Director of Media Research for Vice President Al Gore 's 2000 presidential campaign , after which he served as research director for Mark J. Green in his campaign for Mayor of New York City ( 2001 ) and Carl McCall in his campaign for Governor of New York ( 2002 ) . Loeser was credited with a reputation as New York City 's " foremost practitioner of the dark art known as opposition research " by the New York Observer . Following his departure from City Hall , Loeser founded his own media strategy agency Stu Loeser & Co. , and has consulted for Eric Schneiderman , Michael Bloomberg , Tina Brown , and Cyrus Vance Jr. Loeser was on the consulting team for Uber that helped defeat New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio 's effort to cap the number of for - hire vehicles . He is also a trustee of the Citizens Budget Commission , a nonpartisan civic organization .

Land and Sea is a locally produced Canadian documentary television show broadcast in Newfoundland and Labrador on CBNT - DT in St. John 's , and on all CBC Television outlets throughout the province . It has been on the air since 1964 ( interrupted only by a short cancellation in the early 1990s , but revived after an outcry from fans ) , and is the longest running regional television program on CBC Television . Originally a black - and - white program , it began broadcasting in colour in the late 1960s / early 1970s . There is also a Maritime version of Land and Sea which is broadcast on the full CBC network on Sunday afternoons , and episodes from that version are often alternated with Newfoundland - based episodes .

Ferdinando Sanfelice ( 1675 – 1 April 1748 ) was an Italian late Baroque architect and painter . Sanfelice was born in Naples and died there . He was one of the principal architects in Naples in the first half of the 18th century . He was a student of Francesco Solimena . Sanfelice was known primarily for temporary displays and his secular architecture . The former involved displays such as those set up for royal visits and births as well as for religious celebrations ; the latter included a large number of family dwellings in Naples , including his own Palazzo Sanfelice , built between 1723 and 1728 , and the Palazzo Serra di Cassano , finished around 1730 . Most notable in Sanfelice 's architecture are the staircases ; rather than being incidental features set off to the side of a courtyard , he gave them central and prominent positions so that they became important architectural features in their own right , often as double staircases . Sanfelice also worked on churches in Naples , including San Lorenzo Maggiore , San Giovanni a Carbonara , and the chapel of the Nunziatella at the Nunziatella military academy

Valgerd Svarstad Haugland ( born 23 August 1956 ) is a Norwegian teacher , politician and civil servant . Haugland was born in Kvam . She was leader of the Christian Democratic Party in Norway between 1995 and 2000 . She was minister of Minister of Children and Family Affairs 1997 — 2001 and Minister of Culture and Church Affairs 2001 — 2005 . Since 2011 she has been county governor of Oslo and Akershus . As Minister of Culture and Church Affairs she paid special attention to voluntary work . She withdrew as party leader at an extraordinary annual assembly of the party on 23 January 2004 . The main reason is that she was blamed as being responsible for the poor results during the last local election , held September 2003 . In the 2005 parliamentary elections she failed to win a seat in parliament . Until 2010 she was a board member of the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation .

This a list of votes of no confidence in British governments led by Prime Ministers of the former Kingdom of Great Britain and the United Kingdom . The first such motion of no confidence to defeat a ministry was in 1742 against Sir Robert Walpole , a Whig who served from 1721 to 1742 and was the de facto first Prime Minister to hold office . Thereafter there have been 21 votes of confidence successfully motioned against British governments . The most recent was held against the Callaghan ministry in March 1979 . Following the defeat , Prime Minister James Callaghan was forced to hold a general election by May ; he was defeated by Margaret Thatcher of the Conservative Party . Before the vote in 1979 , the most recent vote of no confidence in a British government was in 1924 , the longest interval in British parliamentary history .

The Eno River , named for the Eno Indians who once lived along its banks , is the initial tributary of the Neuse River in North Carolina , USA . The Eno rises in Orange County . The river 's watershed occupies most of Orange and Durham counties . The Eno converges with the Flat and Little Rivers to form the Neuse at Falls Lake , which straddles Durham and Wake counties . The Eno is notable for its beauty and water quality , which has been preserved through aggressive citizen efforts . Though barely more than forty miles from its source to its convergence at the Neuse , the Eno features significant stretches of natural preservation . Through the combined efforts of the North Carolina State Parks System , local government , and private non - profit preservation groups , over of land have been protected in the Eno Basin , including Occoneechee Mountain State Natural Area , Eno River State Park , West Point on the Eno ( a Durham City Park ) , and Penny 's Bend State Nature Preserve ( managed by the North Carolina Botanical Garden ) . Permitted recreational activities include swimming , hiking , fishing , canoeing , kayaking , and backcountry camping . Individual and group campsites are available .

The Payload Assist Module ( PAM ) is a modular upper stage designed and built by McDonnell Douglas ( now Boeing ) , using Thiokol Star - series solid propellant rocket motors . The PAM was used with the Space Shuttle , Delta , and Titan launchers and carried satellites from low Earth orbit to a geostationary transfer orbit or an interplanetary course . The payload was spin stabilized by being mounted on a rotating plate . Originally developed for the Space Shuttle , different versions of the PAM were developed : PAM - A ( Atlas class ) , development terminated ; originally to be used on both the Atlas and Space Shuttle PAM - D ( Delta class ) , uses a Star-48B rocket motor PAM - DII ( Delta class ) , uses a Star-63 rocket motor PAM - S ( Special ) as a kick motor for the space probe Ulysses The PAM - D module , used as the third stage of the Delta II rocket , was the last version in use . As of 2018 , no PAM is in active use on any rockets .

The Aquino family of Tarlac is one of the most prominent oligarchs in the Philippines because of their involvement in politics . Some family members are also involved in other fields such as business and entertainment . The family comes from Tarlac and has produced several congressmen , senators , a vice governor and a president . The head of the patriarch family is Servillano Aquino , who was a delegate to the Malolos Congress in 1898 . His son , Benigno Aquino , Sr . followed his footsteps as he represented the 2nd District of Tarlac to the House of Representatives of the Philippines ( 1916 - 1928 ) and to the Philippine Legislature by being a senator ( 1928 - 1934 ) . The article contains only historical and present facts regarding the Aquino family and their hold of power throughout the years , this also involves their relationship with other political families such as the Cojuangcos and the Roxas - Araneta clan .

" Good Riddance ( Time of Your Life ) " is a song by the American punk rock band Green Day . Although written by lead singer Billie Joe Armstrong before the release of the band 's third album Dookie ( 1994 ) , the song was not released until Green Day 's fifth album , Nimrod ( 1997 ) , and was the second single released from that album . An alternative version ( in a different key , with a faster tempo and sparer arrangement ) appeared as a B - side to the 1995 European single for " Brain Stew / Jaded " . It has become a staple of the band 's concerts and is usually played as the final song . Although it was not issued as a single at the time of its release in the United States , " Good Riddance ( Time of Your Life ) " sold over 2.6 million copies as a digital download in the country . The song was certified Platinum in the United Kingdom for sales of 600,000 .

Evelina De Lain ( born Evelina Renatovna Pronskaya on 2 February 1977 in Zhovti Vody near Dnipropetrovsk , Ukraine ) is a London - based classical and jazz pianist , composer , and arranger known for her crossover composition style . De Lain began studying music at the age of 5 , and by the age of 14 , she was teaching music to younger students . She gained her diploma with distinction at M. Glinka Conservatoire of Dnipropetrovsk , specialising in solo piano , chamber music , and accompaniment . She moved to London in 2004 , where she formed her classical / jazz trio with piano , viola , and clarinet and later with piano , flute , and cello . She accompanied Broadway stars such as Jeanne Lehman ( the original Mrs. Potz from Beauty and the Beast ) and Kissy Simmons ( the original Nahla from The Lion King ) . She tours Europe with classical / jazz / contemporary crossover recitals and regularly performs in London , England with her trio .

John Olav Egeland ( born 2 November 1951 ) is a Norwegian journalist and editor . He was born in Oslo as a son of writer Erik Egeland and grandson of John Oscar Egeland . He was a journalist in Orientering from 1973 to 1975 , and was the chief editor of Universitas , student newspaper at the University of Oslo , from 1977 to 1978 . In 1978 he was hired as a journalist in Dagbladet . In 1981 he received the Narvesen Prize for journalism . He still works in Dagbladet , and was political editor from 1995 to 2000 and chief editor from 2000 to 2003 . He grew up and resided in Bærum , and wrote a column for the local newspaper Budstikka until moving to Frogner in 2011 .

Failon Ngayon ( Failon Ngayon sa DZMM [ ] ; formerly Tambalang Failon at Sanchez and Tambalang Failon at Webb ) is a Philippine morning radio talk show hosted by Ted Failon , and broadcast Weekdays from 8:00am to 10:00am PHT nationwide on ABS - CBN 's Radyo Patrol radio network from the studio of DZMM - AM , and simulcast on DZMM TeleRadyo . As Pinky Webb left the program on 5 August 2011 , it assumed the current title in September 2011 after the namesake weekly current affairs program broadcast on the ABS - CBN television network . Failon Ngayon is also one - of - a - kind and distinctive in radio broadcasting , and is known for its usage of music and sound effects while Failon is anchoring the program .

" Honey Chile " is a 1967 single by Motown girl group Martha Reeves and the Vandellas on the Gordy label . This was the first single to bill Martha Reeves by her full name , as opposed to simply " Martha " and the Vandellas . Produced by Richard Morris and written by Morris and Sylvia Moy , the tune described how the narrator ( Martha Reeves ) wanting to get rid of her boyfriend who 's been courting and dating other girls behind her back though she is too weak to let him go stating " I 'll walk a country mile to stay with you " . This song , rare for a pop song , actually shows character development : at the end of the first verse she states that she is worthless without him , while in the second to last line she says she will find the strength to leave him . Filled with Southern connotations ( inspired by Reeves ' birth in rural Alabama ) , the tune rose to number eleven on the Billboard pop singles chart and number five on the Billboard R&B ; singles chart . It is notable for several reasons : it is the first track to feature new member , Martha 's younger sister Sandra " Lois " Reeves replacing just - fired Betty Kelley , it was the group 's twelfth top 40 pop single , and it was also the last top 40 hit the group would score throughout the rest of their Motown tenure though they would score several top 40 R&B ; singles before leaving the label in 1973 . It was also the first single to be credited as Martha Reeves and the Vandellas after the label requested that some of the lead singers of several groups put their name in front of the group 's to earn billing for both lead singer and group .

The Multicultural History Society of Ontario ( MHSO ) is a not - for - profit educational institution and archives located in Toronto , Canada . Established in 1976 , the Multicultural History Society of Ontario collects , preserves , and makes available irreplaceable records of our histories of migration and ethnicity . It undertakes educational programming to increase appreciation of the importance of diversity to the development and ongoing vitality of the province . The MHSO envisions a cohesive society in which Ontarians have the tools to eradicate cliché , stereotyping , and prejudice from our places of learning , work , worship , and play . It sees a role for itself in helping the citizens of Ontario learn to live together in a pluralistic society , and it is working to develop and support an environment in which all peoples in the province can coexist on an equal basis . Through its efforts to preserve the records and promote the histories of migration and ethnicity , the Society strives to increase access to the products of our diverse heritage , heighten the attention paid to context and complexity in accounts of our past , and create a deeper understanding of the commonalities of our various historical experiences . The MHSO hopes to instill an appreciation of our ‘ shared histories’ in all Ontarians regardless of their backgrounds and advance the notion that diversity has made a profound contribution to the province ’s social and economic development .

Rachel Boymvol , sometimes spelled Baumvoll or Baumwoll ( , ) ( March 4 , 1914 , Odessa - June 16 , 2000 , Jerusalem ) was a poet and translator who wrote in both Yiddish and Russian . Rachel Boymvol was the daughter of Judah - Leib Boimvol , a theater manager and director who was murdered in a pogrom in 1920 while touring with his Jewish company . Rachel grew up in a culture fluent in both Yiddish and Russian . Her first poems , in Yiddish , were published in a Komsomol magazine when she was nine years old . She later wrote , " The Bolsheviks saved me from death , and I was a fervent Bolshevik . I drew five - cornered stars , but also six - cornered , Jewish ones , because the Bolsheviks loved Jews and would give us a country that would be called Yidland . In my head was a confusion that would last many years ... " During World War II , she went with her family to Tashkent . After the war she settled in Moscow , where she wrote poems , children 's songs , and stories as well as translating from Yiddish to Russian . In 1971 she was able to emigrate to Israel , and settled with her family in Jerusalem .

The Bathers ( French : Les Baigneuses ) is an oil painting on canvas made between 1918 and 1919 by the French painter Pierre - Auguste Renoir . After being given to the State by his three sons in 1923 , it is currently kept at the Musée d'Orsay in Paris . There are two groups of naked women : two models lying in the foreground plus three bathers in the background , on the right . One of the models of this painting is Andrée Hessling , who became the first wife of Renoir 's son , Jean . The natural setting displayed in the painting was the large garden of the house owned by the painter in Cagnes - sur - Mer . In the painting , Renoir removed any reference to the contemporary world and showed " a timeless nature " . The theme of the bather is predominant in the final season of Renoir 's paintings : the women portrayed by the painter are free and uninhibited . These bathers are " melted in the nature and the forms merge with the trees , flowers and the shares of red water " . The painting received criticism because of " the enormousness of the legs and arms , the weakness of flesh , and the pinkish color of the models " .

Christopher Austin ( born 14 November 1968 ) is a British conductor , and an arranger and orchestrator of film and television scores . Austin originally intended to become a composer . He studied at the University of Bristol with Adrian Beaumont and Raymond Warren ( 1987–90 ) , and subsequently at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama with Robert Saxton and Simon Bainbridge . As a conductor he is most associated with contemporary music . He is the founder and artistic director of the Brunel Ensemble . He has also worked with many of the leading orchestras in the UK and Europe , including the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra and The Royal Ballet . His film work includes The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy and The League of Gentlemen 's Apocalypse . He often collaborates with the composer Joby Talbot , with whom he co - wrote the song " So Long , and Thanks For All the Fish " , along with Garth Jennings , director of The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy . Austin teaches composition , conducting and orchestration at the Royal Academy of Music , in London . He was the composition tutor of Paul Morley in the BBC television documentary How to Be a Composer .

Tin Pan Alley Cats is a 1943 animated short subject , directed by Bob Clampett for Leon Schlesinger Productions as part of Warner Bros. ' Merrie Melodies series . A follow - up to Clampett 's successful Coal Black and de Sebben Dwarfs , released earlier in 1943 , Tin Pan Alley Cats focuses upon contemporary themes of African - American culture , jazz music , and World War II , and features a caricature of jazz musician Fats Waller as an anthropomorphic cat . The short 's centerpiece is a fantasy sequence derived from Clampett 's black and white Looney Tunes short Porky in Wackyland ( 1938 ) . Like Coal Black , Tin Pan Alley Cats focuses heavily on stereotypical gags , character designs , and situations involving African - Americans . As such , the film and other Warner Bros. cartoons with similar themes have been withheld from television distribution since 1968 , and are collectively known as the Censored Eleven .

Wikitorial is a term coined by the Los Angeles Times to describe a traditional editorial that can be edited in the fashion of a wiki ( computer software that allows users to edit text and make changes to one document ) . On June 17 , 2005 the Los Angeles Times wrote the first Wikitorial , entitled War and Consequences , on the subject of the War in Iraq . Below that editorial the paper wrote an invitation to its readers to rewrite the editorial in the wiki fashion . They called the experiment a " public beta " and suggested that it might be either a failure or a new form of opinion journalism . Jimmy Wales , head of the Wikimedia Foundation , which governs Wikipedia , was one of the early contributors to the new Wikitorial which inspired a counterpoint editorial , redirections and much discussion .

Super Mario World is a 1990 side - scrolling platform game developed and published by Nintendo for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System ( SNES ) . The story follows Mario 's quest to save Princess Toadstool and Dinosaur Land from the series antagonist Bowser and his children , the Koopalings . The gameplay is similar to that of earlier Super Mario games : Players control Mario or his brother Luigi through a series of levels in which the goal is to reach the flagpole at the end . Super Mario World introduced Yoshi , a dinosaur who can eat enemies and gain abilities by eating the shells of Koopa Troopas . Nintendo Entertainment Analysis & Development developed the game , led by director Takashi Tezuka and producer and series creator Shigeru Miyamoto . It is the first Mario game for the SNES and was designed to make the most of the console 's technical features . The development team had more freedom compared to the series instalments for the Nintendo Entertainment System ( NES ) . Yoshi was conceptualised during the development of the NES games but was not used until Super Mario World due to hardware limitations . Super Mario World is often considered one of the greatest video games of all time . It sold over 20 million copies worldwide , making it the bestselling SNES game . It also led to an animated television series of the same name and a prequel , Yoshi 's Island , released in August and October 1995 . It has been rereleased on multiple occasions : It was part of the 1994 compilation Super Mario All - Stars + Super Mario World for the SNES and was rereleased for the Game Boy Advance as Super Mario World : Super Mario Advance 2 in 2001 , on the Virtual Console for the Wii , Wii U , and New Nintendo 3DS consoles , and as part of the Super NES Classic Edition .

The Steuben Memorial State Historic Site is a historic location in the eastern part of Steuben , Oneida County , New York , that honors Baron von Steuben , the " Drillmaster of the American Revolution " . The land in this part of Oneida County was part of a land grant made to von Steuben for his services to the United States . He used the land for his summer residence , and is buried at the memorial , a " Sacred Grove " . The site includes the memorial tomb and reconstructed log cabin ( 1937 ) and several smaller elements , including a stone bearing a memorial plaque , a series of historic markers , and a landscaping structure . The site also offers a picnic area , scenic views , tours , re - enactments , educational assistance , and demonstrations . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009 .

" Paper Hearts " is the tenth episode of the fourth season of the American science fiction television series The X - Files . It premiered on the Fox network on December   15 ,   1996 . It was written by Vince Gilligan , directed by Rob Bowman , and featured guest appearances by Tom Noonan , Rebecca Toolan and Vanessa Morley . The episode is a " Monster - of - the - Week " story , unconnected to , but conversant with , the series ' wider mythology . " Paper Hearts " was viewed by 16.59   million people in its initial broadcast , and received positive reviews , with critics praising Noonan 's guest role . The show centers on FBI special agents Fox Mulder ( David Duchovny ) and Dana Scully ( Gillian Anderson ) , who work on cases linked to the paranormal , called X - Files . Mulder is a believer in the paranormal , and the skeptical Scully has been assigned to debunk his work . In this episode , Mulder and Scully find that a child killer ( Tom Noonan ) who Mulder had helped to apprehend several years earlier had claimed more victims than he had confessed to ; and in the resulting investigation , learn that the killer is now claiming to have killed Mulder 's sister Samantha . Gilligan came up with the concept for " Paper Hearts " when thinking about the series ' longest running storyline , the abduction of Samantha Mulder ; he came up with a story questioning whether Samantha had not been abducted by aliens , but was rather murdered by a child killer instead . " Paper Hearts " was written specifically with Tom Noonan in mind for the role of Roche , and was amongst the first television work the actor had done .

Russian neoclassical revival was a trend in Russian culture , mostly pronounced in architecture , that briefly replaced eclecticism and Art Nouveau as the leading architectural style between the Revolution of 1905 and the outbreak of World War I , coexisting with the Silver Age of Russian Poetry . It is characterized by merger of new technologies ( steel frame and reinforced concrete ) with moderate application of classical order and the legacy of Russian empire style of the first quarter of the 19th century . Revival school was most active in Saint Petersburg , less in Moscow and other cities . The style was a common choice for luxury country estates , upper - class apartment and office buildings ; at the same time it was practically non - existent in church and government architecture . Neoclassical architects born in the 1870s , who reached their peak activity in 1905 - 1914 ( Ivan Fomin , Vladimir Shchuko , Ivan Zholtovsky ) , later became leading figures in stalinist architecture of the 1930s and shaped Soviet architectural education system .

Arras Cathedral ( French : Cathédrale Notre - Dame - et - Saint - Vaast d'Arras ) is the Roman Catholic church in the city of Arras , France . The cathedral is the seat of the Bishops of Arras . The original cathedral of Arras , constructed between 1030 and 1396 , was one of the most beautiful Gothic structures in northern France , until it was destroyed in the French Revolution . The cathedral was the resting place of Louis de Bourbon , Légitimé de France , a legitimated son of Louis XIV and Louise de La Vallière . The church of the former St. Vaast 's Abbey was rebuilt in classical style as a replacement cathedral . The design was chosen by the former abbot of St. Vaast 's , the Cardinal de Rohan , and is of remarkable simplicity . It is ' a very large building , the erection of which was begun in 1755 from plans by Pierre Contant d'Ivry , the architect who later created designs for the Church of La Madeleine in Paris . The work was interrupted during the Revolution , then resumed by virtue of a municipal decree dated “ Nivôse 27 , Year XII ” , which ran : “ ... to erect the edifice , abandoning everything in the original plans connected with decoration and architectural beauty , limiting the work to the requirements of solidity and decency . ” The church was finished in accordance with these prescriptions , being completed in 1834 . The interior was of plaster - coated brickwork , whilst the columns were of undressed stone , covered with stone - coloured mortar . The capitals were of stucco - work . ' Arras Cathedral was heavily damaged by shelling in April 1917 , during the run - up to the Nivelle offensives of World War I , and subsequently rebuilt in its previous form . The cathedral is adjacent to the Musée des beaux - arts d'Arras , formerly the Benedictine Abbey of Saint - Vaast .

Lora is a harbor in the northwestern part of Split , Croatia , in the Bay of Kaštela . It is currently used as a naval base of the Croatian Navy . Located right next to the Brodosplit shipyard , it has been an important naval base of Yugoslav Navy ( 1945 - 1991 ) and its headquarters . During the Croatian War of Independence , it was the site of the Lora prison camp . Ever since its founding in 1991 , Lora naval base has served as the HQ of Croatian Navy . In this capacity , it is the home port for nearly all ships of the fleet . Lora is also the HQ of Croatian Coast Guard . Lora naval base hosts sport , educational and other naval facilities , as well as a naval memorial chapel dedicated to Croatian sailors who perished in Croatian War of Independence . The only submarine that has served with Croatian Navy , Velebit , is on permanent display in Lora .

Richard Anthony Monsour ( born May 4 , 1937 ) , better known by his stage name Dick Dale , is an American rock guitarist , known as The King of the Surf Guitar . He pioneered and created what many call the surf music style , drawing on Middle - Eastern music scales and experimenting with reverberation . He worked closely with Fender to produce custom made amplifiers , including the first - ever 100-watt guitar amplifier . He pushed the limits of electric amplification technology , helping to develop new equipment that was capable of producing distorted , " thick , clearly defined tones " at " previously undreamed - of volumes . " The " breakneck speed of his single - note staccato picking technique " and showmanship with the guitar is considered a precursor to heavy metal music , influencing guitarists such as Jimi Hendrix and Eddie Van Halen .

The Looting of Battleford began at the end of March , 1885 , during the North - West Rebellion , in the town of Battleford , Saskatchewan , then a part of the Northwest Territories . Within days of the Métis victory at the Battle of Duck Lake on March 26 , 1885 . Cree bands sympathetic to the Métis cause and with grievances of their own began raiding stores and farms in the western part of the District of Saskatchewan for arms , ammunition and food supplies while civilians fled to the larger settlements and forts of the North - West Territories . Prominent leaders of this uprising were Chief Poundmaker and Chief Big Bear . Poundmaker and his band had a reserve near present - day Cut Knife about 50   km ( 31 miles ) west of Fort Battleford . Big Bear and his band had settled near Frog Lake about 55   km ( 34 miles ) northwest of Fort Pitt but had not yet selected a reserve site . Both bands were signatories of Treaty 6 and were unhappy in the way it was implemented by the Canadian government . The loss of the buffalo and the inadequate rations provided by the Indian agents kept the bands in a continual state of near - starvation .

Rose Kennedy ( also commonly known as a " VSS , " " The Michele , " " The White Girl , " " The Brian Ziegler , " or " vodka soda splash " ) is a cocktail popular in the mid - Atlantic and Northeastern United States . It consists of varying amounts of vodka and club soda with a splash of cranberry juice for color and taste . The juice sweetens the taste and takes the edge off the alcohol . The cocktail , typically garnished with a lemon or lime wedge , is based on the Cape Cod and named after Rose Kennedy , the matriarch of the Kennedy Family of Cape Cod and the mother of President John F. Kennedy from Massachusetts . The cocktail is one of the most commonly ordered cocktails in many American bars , though usually referred to as a " vodka soda , splash of cran . " It is served in a rocks glass .

Jarekus Singleton ( born July 11 , 1984 in Clinton , Mississippi , United States ) is an American blues guitarist , singer and songwriter . Refuse To Lose was his first nationally and internationally distributed album . It was released on the Chicago - based independent blues record label Alligator Records on May 6 , 2014 . England 's Blues & Rhythm called Singleton " a great , new blues talent … young , original , soulful and intense … superb , blistering guitar . " According to Living Blues magazine , " Jarekus Singleton is making some serious blues noise ... blending modern - day blues and emotionally intense soul with melodic , hot - toned lead guitar , funk - seasoned rhythms and hip - hop flavored lyrics . " The Washington Post said , " Jarekus Singleton is an exciting new young blues guitarist with melody , hooks , swagger and a strong , original voice . His lyrics are modern , personal , acutely poetic and deeply mature . " USA Today said of Singleton , " Stinging blues guitar and potent , original songs herald the emergence of a major new talent . "

Carole Jacques ( born 12 June 1960 ) was a Progressive Conservative member of the House of Commons of Canada . She was a lawyer by career . She represented the Quebec riding of Montreal — Mercier where she was first elected in the 1984 federal election . At the time of her election , she was the youngest woman ever elected to the House of Commons . She was re - elected in 1988 when she ran in the Mercier riding following electoral district boundary changes in 1987 . She served in the 33rd and 34th Canadian Parliaments . Jacques left the Progressive Conservative party and became an independent candidate for the Mercier riding in the 1993 federal election . However , she lost to Francine Lalonde of the Bloc Québécois .

The berylline hummingbird ( Amazilia beryllina ) sometimes placed in the genus Saucerottia , is a medium - sized hummingbird . It is 8–10   cm long , and weighs 4 - 5 g. Adults are colored predominantly metallic olive green with a rusty gray lower belly . The tail and primary wings are rufous in color and slightly forked . The underwing is also rufous . The bill of the male is straight and very slender . It is very dark red in coloration , almost black . The female is less colorful than the male . The breeding habitat is in forests and thickets of western Mexico to central Honduras in Central America . It regularly strays to southeasternmost Arizona in the United States where it occasionally breeds–(the Madrean sky islands ) . The female builds a nest in a protected location in a shrub or tree . Females lay two white eggs . This hummingbird is essentially non - migratory . These birds feed on nectar from flowers and flowering trees using a long extendable tongue or catch insects on the wing .

Michael Allen Wall ( born February 1 , 1946 ) is an American former competition swimmer who participated in two consecutive Summer Olympics . At the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo , Wall competed for the gold medal - winning U.S. team in the preliminary heats of the men 's 4×200-meter freestyle relay . Four years later at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City , he swam for the first - place U.S. teams in the qualifying heats of the men 's 4×100-meter freestyle relay and men 's 4×200-meter freestyle relay . He did not , however , receive a medal for either performance ; until 1984 , under international swimming rules , relay swimmers were not eligible for a medal unless they swam in the event finals . Wall attended Stanford University , where he swam for the Stanford Cardinal swimming and diving team in National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) competition . Wall was a member of Stanford 's 1967 NCAA national championship relay team in the 800-yard relay , which set new NCAA and American records for the event with a time of 6:54.65 . He was also a key points contributor in Stanford 's NCAA national team championship in 1967 .

Sir William John Polson ( 6 June 1875 – 8 October 1960 ) was a New Zealand politician , first as an Independent and then in the National Party . He joined the National Party on its formation in 1936 , and " later acted effectively as Holland 's deputy " . He represented the electorate of in Parliament from 1928 to 1946 , when he retired . He was appointed to the Legislative Council on 15 March 1950 , as a member of the suicide squad which was to vote the Council out of existence . Polson was born in Wanganui , and educated at Wanganui Collegiate School . In 1943 he married Mary Grigg , who had represented the electorate from 1942 , after her MP husband Arthur Grigg , then a major in the NZEF , was killed in Libya in 1941 . In 1935 , Polson was awarded the King George V Silver Jubilee Medal . In the 1951 King 's Birthday Honours , he was appointed a Knight Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George for public and political services .

The Affiliated Residential Park Residents Association Incorporated ( ARPRA ) is an incorporated non - profit association with a registered office in Port Macquarie , New South Wales , Australia . Established in 1986 to represent residents of residential parks in Port Stephens and the city of Lake Macquarie , ARPRA has since expanded and today represents affiliates from the Great Lakes , Mid North Coast , Central Coast , South Coast , Tweed Heads , Illawarra , Hunter , Coffs Harbour , Nambucca Valley , Yamba , Iluka , Kingscliff , Grafton , Northern Beaches and Greater Western Sydney regions . ARPRA has a member - elected state body composed of a State President , two Vice Presidents , a Treasurer , a Secretary and five Executive Committee members and a Membership Officer .

The Battle class were a class of destroyers of the British Royal Navy ( RN ) and Royal Australian Navy ( RAN ) , named after naval or other battles fought by British or English forces . Built in three groups , the first group were ordered under the 1942 naval estimates . A modified second and third group , together with two ships of an extended design were planned for the 1943 and 1944 estimates . Most of these ships were cancelled when it became apparent that the war was being won and the ships would not be required , although two ships of the third group , ordered for the RAN , were not cancelled and were subsequently completed in Australia . Seven Battles were commissioned before the end of World War II , but only saw action , with the British Pacific Fleet .

Louis Hock ( born 1948 ) is an American artist and independent filmmaker who works in film , video , installation and interventions in public space . His work has been exhibited both internationally and nationally including most notably at the Whitney Museum of American Art , the Museum of Modern Art in New York , the Museum of Contemporary Art , Los Angeles , the San Francisco Museum of Art , and the Getty Museum in Los Angeles as part of . Several of his films are in the collection of Video Data Bank . Louis Hock currently holds the title of Professor Emeritus at University of California - San Diego . He has additionally collaborated on several public art projects with Elizabeth Sisco and David Avalos .

The Theory of National Struggle ( simplified Chinese : 民族斗争理论 ; traditional Chinese : 民族鬥爭理論 ; pinyin : Mínzú Dòuzhēng Lilùn ) , or Ethnic Struggle , is one of Mao Zedong 's political theories on the application of Marxism in China . This theory is also Mao Zedong 's remedy to the " National Question " in Marxist theory . As a subset of the general philosophy of Mao Zedong Thought , the theory of national struggle addresses the question of how classical Marxist - Leninist ideas of political economy should intersect with China 's particular need for constructing a multi - ethnic national sovereignty without abandoning the universality of Marxism - Leninism . The gist of Mao 's theory is that Chinese communists should treat the question of national and ethnic liberation in China as a subset of the larger socialist project of class conflict . In strategic terms , this means that the key to constructing a multiethnic Chinese nation - state is to mobilize and transform " backward " ethnic minorities into modern subjects of proletariat class consciousness under the leadership of the Chinese Communist Party ( CCP ) . Mao 's political theory of " Nation Struggle " works in tandem with his theory of history , " New Democracy " . In formulating the history of Modern China as a series of social , political , economic , and cultural transformations marked by a national process of class awakening reacting against encroachments by Western and Japanese colonial aggressions , Mao argued that a " national struggle " to restore Chinese sovereignty was the first vital step in constructing a multi - ethnic regime of proletariat dictatorship . In doing so , Mao prioritized the creation of a united front against foreign aggressions as the larger struggle of the Chinese Revolution , one that involves the simultaneous cultivation of a united national identity amongst different ethnic minority groups and the transformation of " feudal - minded " ethnic minority populations into modern proletariat subjects . The amalgamation of Mao 's two separate theories of revolution signified his theoretical departure from the general doctrine of Marxism - Leninism in Soviet Union and in Europe , which strictly held the economic - determinist ideal that base determines superstructure . Mao 's theories not only addressed the primacy of nationalism in revolutionary mobilization , but also cast doubts on the classical Marxist notion of historical inevitability because Mao argued that a nationwide class consciousness could not be awaken in China unless cultivated by party leadership . Moreover , by conflating the notions of " ethnicity " and " nationality , " Mao justified the CCP 's geopolitical claim over the former territories and ethnic minority subjects of the multi - ethnic Qing Empire . Since Mao came to power in the communist establishment during the Yan'an period , Mao 's theory of " national struggle " became the guiding principle of ethnic and national liberation strategy of the Chinese Communist Party until his death in 1976 .

The Academia Mexicana de la Lengua ( variously translated as the Mexican Academy of Language , the Mexican Academy of the Language , the Mexican Academy of Letters , or glossed as the Mexican Academy of the Spanish Language ; acronym AML ) is the correspondent academy in Mexico of the Royal Spanish Academy . It was founded in Mexico City on 11 September 1875 and , like the other academies , has the principal function of working to ensure the purity of the Spanish language . Academy members have included many of the leading figures in Mexican letters , including philologists , grammarians , philosophers , novelists , poets , historians and humanists . The Academia Mexicana organized the first Congress of the Spanish Language Academies that was celebrated at Mexico City in April 1951 . This gave birth , through its Permanent Commission , to the Association of Spanish Language Academies , confirmed in the second Congress , celebrated in Madrid five years later .

The House of York was a cadet branch of the English royal House of Plantagenet . Three of its members became Kings of England in the late 15th century . The House of York was descended in the male line from Edmund of Langley , 1st Duke of York , the fourth surviving son of Edward III , but also represented Edward 's senior line , being cognatic descendants of Lionel , Duke of Clarence , Edward III 's second surviving son . It is based on these descents that they claimed the English crown . Compared with the House of Lancaster , it had a senior claim to the throne of England according to cognatic primogeniture but junior claim according to the agnatic primogeniture . The reign of this dynasty ended with the death of Richard III of England at the Battle of Bosworth Field in 1485 . It became extinct in the male line with the death of Edward Plantagenet , 17th Earl of Warwick in 1499 .

Hook is a suburban area in south west London , England . It forms part of the Royal Borough of Kingston upon Thames and is located 12 miles ( 19.3   km ) south west of Charing Cross . Neighbouring settlements are Hinchley Wood , Long Ditton , Surbiton , Tolworth and Chessington . Hook was a civil parish which formed part of the Surbiton Urban District of Surrey from 1895 . The urban district became a municipal borough in 1936 and in 1965 its former area was transferred to Greater London . The former area of the Hook parish , together with that of the Chessington parish , form a protrusion of Greater London with the Surrey districts of Elmbridge to the west , Mole Valley to the south and Epsom and Ewell to the east . An RAF barrage balloon depot opened in Hook c. 1938 and was later known as RAF Chessington , latterly used as a hospital until demolished and redeveloped for housing in the 1990s . Hook forms part of the Chessington post town .

Jacques Poulin ( born 23 September 1937 in Saint - Gédéon , Quebec ) is a Canadian novelist with a quiet and intimate style of writing . Poulin studied psychology and arts at the Université Laval in Quebec City ; he started his career as commercial translator and later became a college guidance counselor . Only after the success of his second novel , Jimmy ( 1969 ) , was he able to devote himself completely to his writing . Poulin has written eleven novels , most of which have been translated into English by Sheila Fischman , and published by Cormorant Books . Poulin lived in Paris for 15 years , but now lives in Quebec City . Poulin 's Volkswagen Blues was selected as a candidate in the CBC 's 2005 edition of Canada Reads , where it was championed by Roch Carrier , author and former National Librarian of Canada .

Commonwealth Park is in Canberra , Australia , on the north side of Lake Burley Griffin . The annual spring Floriade festival is held in the park . The gardens were designed by the eminent British landscape designer , Dame Sylvia Crowe in 1964 at the time the Lake was filled . The park has an area of 34.25 hectares . The park has many small ponds and water features , walking trails , bike paths , sculptures and is popular with tourists and Canberrans . Located at the park is the outdoor Stage 88 , which often holds concerts . The park includes Regatta Point and has a view of the National Gallery , High Court , and National Library on the other side of the lake . Kings Park is located adjacent to Commonwealth Park , along the lake to the east .

Bon Voyage is the eleventh studio album by Japanese recording artist Kumi Koda . It was released on February 26 , 2014 by Rhythm Zone . Bon Voyage is Koda 's first album since her 2012 Japonesque , and her longest album in production since her 2008 studio album Kingdom . The album 's production was handled by several music producers , such as Joseph Lawrence , Toby Gad , T - Sk , Mats Lie Skare , Figge Bosstrom , Tommy Henriksen , Badur Haberg , and Clarabell . It also features guest appearances from Sean Paul and OVDS . Five different formats were released to promote the album : a standalone CD , a CD and DVD bundle , a CD and Blu - ray bundle , a fan package featuring a live DVD , and a digital release in Japan . Upon the album 's release , it was met with favourable reviews from music critics . Critics highlight individual songs for their production and composition , and commended the singles . Bon Voyage became Koda 's seventh studio album to reach the top spot on Japan 's Oricon Albums Chart , but her first album to not ship over 100,000 units in that region . Because of this , it became her first studio album to fail to achieve a certification by the Recording Industry Association of Japan ( RIAJ ) . Three singles and one EP were released from the album . Koda promoted the album through her 2014 Bon Voyage concert tour .

Cinqué Lee ( born July 1966 ) is an American actor and filmmaker . He is the younger brother of filmmaker Spike Lee . Lee has worked in number of different positions of his older brother 's films , as a camera operator , video archivist and most notably as a co - screenwriter in the 1994 film Crooklyn . He also had small roles in School Daze ( 1988 ) and Oldboy ( 2013 ) . As an actor , he appeared in the Jim Jarmusch - directed films Mystery Train ( 1989 ) and Coffee and Cigarettes ( 2003 ) , and a number of other independent films . Lee is also a filmmaker himself , directing , producing and writing the films Nowhere Fast ( 1997 ) , Sink Like a Stone ( 2000 , short film ) , UR4 Given ( 2004 ) , Window on Your Present ( 2010 ) and Burn Out the Day ( 2010 , co - directed with Sean Bohary ) .

In the Republic of Austria , the Constitutional Court ( or ) is the tribunal responsible for the judicial review of the constitutionality of statutes , the legality of ordinances and other secondary legislation , and the constitutionality of decisions of certain other courts . The Constitutional Court also decides demarcation conflicts between courts , between courts and the administration , and between the national government and the regional governments . It hears election complaints , holds elected officials and political appointees accountable for their conduct in office , and adjudicates on liability claims against Austria and its bureaucracy . The Constitutional Court consists of fourteen members and six substitute members , appointed by the president on nomination of the cabinet , the National Council , and the Federal Council . Although theoretically supposed to , the Court rarely meets in plenum and rarely hears oral arguments ; most cases today are decided behind closed doors by panels of either nine or five members . Opinions tend to be concise and academic . The Constitutional Court is very powerful but has historically exhibited considerable judicial restraint . As of February 2018 , Brigitte Bierlein is serving as the court 's president , and Christoph Grabenwarter as its vice president .

The Roman Catholic Metropolitan Archdiocese of Nanking ( ) is an ecclesiastical territory or diocese of the Roman Catholic Church in China . It was erected as the Apostolic Vicariate of Nanking in 1659 by Pope Alexander VII , and promoted to a diocese by Pope Alexander VIII on April 10 , 1690 . However , the diocese was demoted to the Apostolic Vicariate of Kiangnan on January 21 , 1856 by Pope Pius IX , and its name was later changed to the Apostolic Vicariate of Kiangsu on August 8 , 1921 and to the Vicariate Apostolic of Nanking on May 1 , 1922 . Pope Pius XII elevated it on April 11 , 1946 to the rank of a metropolitan archdiocese , with the suffragan sees of Haimen , Shanghai , Suzhou , and Xuzhou . The archdiocese 's motherchurch and thus seat of its archbishop is the Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception also known as the Shigu Road church . There were a number of years without a bishop after the death of Paul Cardinal Yü Pin on August 16 , 1978 , because of the irregular relations between the Communist government and the Holy See . On January 6 , 2000 , Francis Xavier Lu Xinping was ordained the new bishop of Nanjing along with four others in an illicit ceremony in Beijing 's South Cathedral . Since then he has been reconciled to the Holy See .

Smuts is an Afrikaans surname . Jan Smuts , South African and British Commonwealth statesman , military leader , and prime minister of the Union of South Africa . Barbara Smuts , American anthropologist and psychologist . Dene Smuts , South African politician . JJ Smuts , South African cricketer . John Addey Smuts , South African - born British army officer , cousin of Jan Smuts , and husband of May Yohé . John Christopher Smuts , known as Christopher Smuts , South African - born British barrister and Liberal Party politician . Kelly Smuts , South African cricketer , younger brother of JJ Smuts . Neil Smuts , South African aviator , World War I flying ace . Smuts Ngonyama , former head of communications for the African National Congress

Grażyna Gęsicka ( 13 December 1951 – 10 April 2010 ) was a Polish sociologist and politician and a former ( 2006 - 2007 ) minister of Regional Development in Marcinkiewicz 's and Jarosław Kaczyński 's government . From 2009 until her death she was the leader of Law and Justice parliamentary caucus . She was born in Warsaw . In 1974 she graduated from Warsaw University 's Institute of Sociology and in 1985 received her doctorate . She was a former member of the Polish Sociological Society and the Association Internationale des Sociologues de Langue Francaise . She was a speaker of English and French . She was listed on the flight manifest of the Tupolev Tu-154 of the 36th Special Aviation Regiment carrying the President of Poland Lech Kaczyński which crashed near Smolensk - North airport near Pechersk near Smolensk , Russia , on 10 April 2010 , killing all aboard . On 25 April , she was buried in the Smolensk Cemetery Headquarters Military Cemetery in Warsaw . On 16 April 2010 , Gęsicka was posthumously awarded the Commander 's Cross of the Order of Polonia Restituta .

" Never Alone " is a song written by Gary Burr , Sarah Buxton , and Victoria Shaw and recorded by American songwriter and pianist Jim Brickman . Originally recorded with American country music singer Sara Evans on vocals for his 2006 album , Escape , it was famously re - recorded with American country pop trio Lady Antebellum for its release as a single . This latter version was released to digital retailers through Savoy Records on February 20 , 2007 and impacted American adult contemporary radio that spring . Lady Antebellum 's female vocalist , Hillary Scott , is sometimes credited individually as a featured artist alongside Lady Antebellum . " Never Alone " is primarily a new - age song with additional influences of country and pop genres and is instrumented primarily by piano . Its lyrics discuss the idea of unconditional love and support as well as the importance of holding onto one 's faith through difficult times . The song was released to generally positive reviews , who complimented its country crossover appeal , and was a success on adult contemporary radio . It peaked at number 14 on the Billboard Adult Contemporary airplay chart in July 2007 , earning Brickman his 22nd entry on the chart and 13th top-15 hit . Furthermore , the song was Lady Antebellum 's first entry on a Billboard chart before their proper debut single , " Love Do n't Live Here " , was released in October of that year ; they would later match this position with their own single , " I Run to You " in 2009 before topping the AC chart with " Need You Now " that same year .

Fairview is a neighbourhood on the west side of the city of Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada . It runs from 16th Avenue in the south , to Burrard Street in the west , to Cambie Street in the east , and to False Creek in the north . Central Broadway is an important commercial and employment centre focused around Vancouver General Hospital and other health - related institutions , including the BC Cancer Agency , BC Cancer Research Centre , BC Healthy Living Alliance , and the BC Centre for Disease Control . Other shopping areas in the neighbourhood are South Granville Rise , City Square Mall , and Granville Island . Some city offices are located on the eastern fringe of Fairview , across Cambie Street from Vancouver City Hall .

Karameh Border Crossing ( Arabic : مركز حدود الكرامة ) is the only border crossing between Jordan and Iraq . On the Iraqi side it is called the Turaibil Border Compound ( Arabic : مجمع طريبيل الحدودي ) . The crossing served about 800,000 passengers in the year 2010 according to Al - Arab Al - Yawm newspaper . It connects the Jordanian town of Ruwaished to the Iraqi town of Turaibil . The border crossing is about 320 km ( 199 miles ) from Jordan 's capital Amman and 575 km ( 357 miles ) from the Iraqi capital Baghdad . On 22 June 2014 , the Islamic State of Iraq and Levant assaulted the border crossing and clashed with the Iraqi Army in an attempt to capture the crossing .

Sports in the Washington , D.C. area include major league sports teams , popular college sports teams , and a variety of other team and individual sports . The Washington metropolitan area is also home to several major sports venues including Capital One Arena , RFK Stadium , FedExField , Audi Field , and Nationals Park . Washington teams are widely known as some of the least successful in recent American sports , as prior to 2018 , no Big Four team ( the NFL 's Washington Redskins , the NBA 's Washington Wizards , MLB 's Washington Nationals , and the NHL 's Washington Capitals ) had reached its sport 's conference championship round since the Capitals advanced in the 1998 Stanley Cup playoffs , and no team had won a league championship since the Redskins defeated the Buffalo Bills in Super Bowl XXVI in 1992 . However , in 2018 , those streaks were broken when the Washington Capitals defeated the Vegas Golden Knights in game 5 of the 2018 Stanley Cup Finals . These teams are also known for having spectacular regular seasons followed by demoralizing playoff losses . The area is home to two regional sports television networks , NBC Sports Washington , which is based in Bethesda , Maryland , and Mid - Atlantic Sports Network .

The Central Savannah River Area ( CSRA ) is a trading and marketing region in the U.S. states of Georgia and South Carolina , spanning thirteen counties in Georgia and eight in South Carolina . The term was coined in 1950 by C.C. McCollum , the winner of a $ 250 contest held by The Augusta Chronicle to generate the best name for the area . Today the initialism is so commonly used that the full name is not known to all residents . The region is located on and named after the Savannah River , which forms the border between the two states . The largest cities within the CSRA are Augusta , Georgia and Aiken , South Carolina . ( The CSRA does not include the city of Savannah , Georgia or any portion of the Savannah metropolitan area . ) The total population of the CSRA is 768,402 in 2010 . According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the seven - county Augusta - Richmond County Metropolitan Statistical Area ( at the center of the CSRA ) had an estimated population of 580,270 in 2013 , making it the second most populous in the state of Georgia .

The Sapphires is a 2012 Australian musical comedy - drama film based on the 2004 stage play of the same name , which is loosely based on a true story . The film is directed by Wayne Blair and written by Keith Thompson and Tony Briggs , the latter of whom wrote the play . The Sapphires is about four indigenous Australian women , Gail ( Deborah Mailman ) , Julie ( Jessica Mauboy ) , Kay ( Shari Sebbens ) and Cynthia ( Miranda Tapsell ) , who are discovered by a talent scout ( Chris O'Dowd ) , and form a music group named The Sapphires , travelling to Vietnam in 1968 to sing for troops during the war . Production began in 2010 , with the casting of the four members of The Sapphires and filming taking place in and around Albury in Australia and Vietnam during August and September 2011 . The Sapphires made its world premiere at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival on 19 May 2012 during its out - of - competition screenings , was theatrically released in Australia on 9 August and received a limited release in the United States on 22 March 2013 .

Sweet Savage are a heavy metal band from Belfast , Northern Ireland , formed in 1979 . The band once included former Dio and Def Leppard guitarist Vivian Campbell . Since forming in 1979 , Sweet Savage have released three studio albums , three singles and one demo . Considered one of the pioneers of the new wave of British heavy metal movement alongside acts such as Iron Maiden , Saxon , Diamond Head , and Def Leppard . However , even though they were often considered among the forerunners of the NWOBHM movement , success eluded them and they disbanded shortly after 1982 . The band reformed in 1984 with a different line - up , but did not last long . Sweet Savage was once again reformed in the 90s , due to Metallica covering their song " Killing Time " as a B - side for their " The Unforgiven " single . Sweet Savage released a new studio album , entitled Regeneration , in May 2011 .

Capcom created the character based on the historical figure of the same name , after finding he was well enough known to be portrayed as a video game protagonist . Across the series , Yukimura 's characterization has changed because of the different arcs he faces , but Capcom decided to keep his hotblooded attitude . Sōichirō Hoshi voiced Yukimura in Japanese , while in English , Andrew Francis voiced him for Devil Kings with Johnny Yong Bosch handling his subsequent appearances . Yukimura has been a popular character in Japan inspiring a tour that led fans to learn more about the historical figure . He also finished third in a character poll of the best Sengoku Basara characters . Critical reception to the character has been positive . Writers enjoyed how his characterization balanced that of fellow protagonist Date Masamune as well as his growth in the anime . Bosch 's acting also received positive responses .

The National Socialist Movement of Norway ( , NNSB ) , formerly Zorn 88 , is a Norwegian neo - Nazi group with an estimated fifty members , led by Erik Rune Hansen . Founded in 1988 , it is a secretive group with tight membership regulation . The NNSB expresses admiration for Adolf Hitler and Vidkun Quisling , and is focused on historical revisionism and antisemitism , particularly Holocaust denial . It publishes the magazine Gjallarhorn , and in 1999 published The Protocols of the Elders of Zion . Other recurrent topics include racial hygiene and Norse religion . Several of its members were active Nazis and members of Nasjonal Samling during World War II . The group has had ties to Erik Blücher and the magazine Folk og Land , and to Varg Vikernes . It has been part of international networks along with the World Union of National Socialists , the National Socialist Movement of Denmark , the ( now - defunct ) Swedish National Socialist Front , and Blood & Honour . Along with Scandinavian groups it has taken part in celebrations and memorials to Adolf Hitler and Rudolf Hess . In November 2007 , a memorial ceremony at the German war cemetery in Oslo was attacked by anti - fascists , leaving five NNSB - members wounded , one severely . The NNSB pledged that it had no intentions of retaliating the attack .

Alessandro Malaspina ( November 5 , 1754 – April 9 , 1810 ) was an Italian explorer who spent most of his life as a Spanish naval officer . Under a Spanish royal commission , he undertook a voyage around the world from 1786 to 1788 , then , from 1789 to 1794 , a scientific expedition ( the Malaspina Expedition ) throughout the Pacific Ocean , exploring and mapping much of the west coast of the Americas from Cape Horn to the Gulf of Alaska , crossing to Guam and the Philippines , and stopping in New Zealand , Australia , and Tonga . Malaspina was christened " Alessandro . " He signed his letters in Spanish " Alexandro , " which is usually modernized to " Alejandro " by Spanish scholars .

Bebop or bop is a style of jazz developed in the early to mid-1940s in the United States , which features songs characterized by a fast tempo , complex chord progressions with rapid chord changes and numerous changes of key , instrumental virtuosity , and improvisation based on a combination of harmonic structure , the use of scales and occasional references to the melody . Bebop developed as the younger generation of jazz musicians expanded the creative possibilities of jazz beyond the popular , dance - oriented swing style with a new " musician 's music " that was not as danceable and demanded close listening . As bebop was not intended for dancing , it enabled the musicians to play at faster tempos . Bebop musicians explored advanced harmonies , complex syncopation , altered chords , extended chords , chord substitutions , asymmetrical phrasing , and intricate melodies . Bebop groups used rhythm sections in a way that expanded their role . Whereas the key ensemble of the swing era was the big band of up to fourteen pieces playing in an ensemble - based style , the classic bebop group was a small combo that consisted of saxophone ( alto or tenor ) , trumpet , piano , double bass , and drums playing music in which the ensemble played a supportive role for soloists . Rather than play heavily arranged music , bebop musicians typically played the melody of a song ( called the " head " ) with the accompaniment of the rhythm section , followed by a section in which each of the performers improvised a solo , then returned to the melody at the end of the song . Some of the most influential bebop artists , who were typically composer - performers , are : tenor sax players Dexter Gordon , Sonny Rollins , and James Moody ; alto sax player Charlie Parker ; trumpeters Fats Navarro , Clifford Brown , and Dizzy Gillespie ; pianists Bud Powell , Mary Lou Williams , and Thelonious Monk ; electric guitarist Charlie Christian , and drummers Kenny Clarke , Max Roach , and Art Blakey .

Variety shows , also known as variety arts or variety entertainment , is entertainment made up of a variety of acts including musical performances , sketch comedy , magic , acrobatics , juggling , and ventriloquism . It is normally introduced by a compère ( master of ceremonies ) or host . The variety format made its way from Victorian era stage to radio and then television . Variety shows were a staple of anglophone television from the late 1940s into the 1980s . While still widespread in some parts of the world , the proliferation of multichannel television and evolving viewer tastes have affected the popularity of variety shows in the United States . Despite this , their influence has still had a major effect on late night television whose late night talk shows and NBC 's variety series Saturday Night Live ( which originally premiered in 1975 ) have remained popular fixtures of North American television .

The United African National Council ( UANC ) was a political party in Zimbabwe . In 1979 , led by Bishop Abel Muzorewa , the UANC Party held formal power in Zimbabwe during the short - lived period of the Internal Settlement . For this short period of time , Zimbabwe ( which had been called Rhodesia ) became known as Zimbabwe Rhodesia . In 1980 , during the Zimbabwean parliamentary election , the UANC Party was generally defeated by Robert Mugabe 's Zimbabwe African National Union – Patriotic Front ( ZANU - PF ) Party . The UANC Party was unable to win any parliamentary seats in the 1985 and 1990 elections . The party joined with other opposition parties to form United Parties to support Muzorewa in the 1996 presidential election , but he subsequently pulled out ( albeit with his name remaining on the ballot ) . The party still exists today . Mugabe and his ZANU - PF Party have had almost total control over Zimbabwe since the early 1990s . But , with the economy of Zimbabwe in ruins , Muzorewa considered running again in 2008 .

BBC Sessions is a live album by the British rock band Cream , released on 25 May 2003 on Polydor Records . It contains 22 tracks and 4 interviews recorded live at the BBC studios in London . Between 21 October 1966 and 9 January 1968 , Cream recorded eight sessions for the BBC radio network , selected highlights from seven of which are featured in chronological order on this collection . Only the versions of " Steppin ' Out " and " Lawdy Mama " had been previously released , although both were released on Eric Clapton 's Crossroads box set , not by the band itself . BBC Sessions was later included as the third disc in the " limited edition box set " release of Cream 's 2005 compilation album I Feel Free – Ultimate Cream ( also known as Gold ) .

The Atheist Centre is an institution founded by Goparaju Ramachandra Rao ( aka Gora , 1902 – 1975 ) and Saraswathi Gora ( 1912 – 2006 ) to initiate social change in rural Andhra Pradesh based on the ideology of Gandhism and Atheism . Founded in 1940 at Mudnur village in Krishna district in Andhra Pradesh , India the Centre was later shifted to Vijayawada in 1947 . As a member organisation of the Federation of Indian Rationalist Associations , the Atheist Centre endorses the Amsterdam Declaration 2002.The institution received the International Humanist and Ethical Union 's International Humanist Award in 1986 for pioneering in the field of social work . After the Indian Ocean tsunami , the Atheist Centre worked with the Institute for Humanist Studies to provide aid to the victim of the disaster . Atheist Centre celebrated its platinum jubilee of 75 years on 5 January 2014 . Gora 's daughter Mythri is currently the Chairperson , and sons Lavanam and Vijyam continuing as Executive Directors of the Centre .

The Battle of Naseby was a decisive engagement of the English Civil War , fought on 14 June 1645 between the main Royalist army of King Charles I and the Parliamentarian New Model Army , commanded by Sir Thomas Fairfax and Oliver Cromwell . It was fought near the village of Naseby in Northamptonshire . After the Royalists stormed the Parliamentarian town of Leicester on 31st May 1645 , Fairfax was ordered to lift his siege of Oxford , the Royalist capital , and engage the King 's main army . Eager to bring the Royalists to battle , Fairfax set off in pursuit of the Royalist army , which was heading to recover the north . The King , faced with retreating north with Fairfax close behind , or giving battle , decided to give battle , fearing a loss of morale if his army continued retreating . After hard fighting , the Parliamentarian army had all but destroyed the Royalist force , which suffered 7,000 casualties out of 7,400 effectives . Charles lost the bulk of his veteran infantry and officers , all of his artillery and stores , his personal baggage and many arms , ensuring the Royalists would never again field an army of comparable quality . Captured in the baggage train were the King 's private papers , revealing to the fullest extent his attempts to draw Irish Catholics and foreign mercenaries into the war . Publication of these papers gave Parliament an added moral cause in fighting the war to a finish . Within a year , Parliament had won the first civil war .

Lark Force was an Australian Army formation established in March 1941 during World War II for service in New Britain and New Ireland . Under the command of Lieutenant Colonel John Scanlan , it was raised in Australia and deployed to Rabaul and Kavieng , aboard SS Katoomba , MV Neptuna and HMAT Zealandia , to defend their strategically important harbours and airfields . The objective of the force , was to maintain a forward air observation line as long as possible and to make the enemy fight for this line rather than abandon it at the first threat as the force was considered too small to withstand any invasion . Most of Lark Force was captured by the Imperial Japanese Army after Rabaul and Kavieng were captured in January 1942 . The officers of Lark Force were transported to Japan , however the NCOs and men were unfortunately torpedoed by the USS Sturgeon while being transported aboard the Montevideo Maru . Only a handful of the Japanese crew were rescued , with none of the between 1,050 and 1,053 prisoners aboard surviving as they were still locked below deck .

